Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor





		Story: Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

		Storylink: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8914586/1/

		Category: Harry Potter

		Genre: Adventure/Drama

		Author: sprinter1988

		Authorlink: https://www.fanfiction.net/u/2936579/

		Last updated: 08/20/2016

		Words: 218697

		Rating: T

		Status: In Progress

		Content: Chapter 1 to 37 of 37 chapters

		Source: FanFiction.net



		Summary: Before the start of fifth year Dumbledore changes the plans. Unfortunately he didn't bother to inform Harry. At his trial, Harry realises that it is down to him to save his own skin. To do so his Slytherin side must come out to play, and once it's out it sticks around turning life at Hogwarts on its head. Warnings: EvilDumbles, SheepOrder/Staff, GoodGuysDontGetEverythingTheirWay





*Chapter 1*: The Hearing


			A/N: Hello again. Here we go with a shiny new story. I will point out that although the key characters in this are given as Harry Potter and Susan Bones, I currently have no idea was to whether or not they will be the pairing for this story. At the moment I am leaning towards "yes" but it has yet to be set in stone.

Plot description: Before the start of fifth year, Dumbledore changes the plans. Unfortunately he didn't bother to inform Harry. At his trial, Harry realises that it is down to him to save his own skin. To do so, his Slytherin side must come out to play, and once it's out, it sticks around. Now Dumbledore and the Ministry alike must watch their backs…



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 1: The Hearing

With violent lurch the Knight Bus came to a stop. Harry Potter turned to watch as Stan Shunpike, the bus conductor, saw a rather ill-looking Madam Marsh off of the bus. Then the doors snapped shut and with yet another violent lurch the purple triple-decker bus sped off once again.

Shifting his body to try and find a less painful sitting position, Harry could not help but notice that more than a few of the other passengers were giving him funny looks. This was nothing unusual, of course. Ever since he had re-joined the wizarding world at the age of eleven all kinds of people had been giving him funny looks. The difference now though was that, whereas before the funny looks had a touch of mild curiosity about them, now they contained suspicion and mistrust.

Harry turned away from them in an attempt to ignore them. As he did so he felt a prickle of pain shoot through the lightning bolt shaped scar on his forehead. Harry was aware that the pain was somehow caused by his nemesis Lord Voldemort, though he had no idea how it was being done.

Harry turned his head to rest his forehead against the window of the bus. It was cool and helped soothe the area around the scar. He took a deep, calming breath and closed his eyes before beginning to think over the events that had led him taking this ride on the Knight Bus.

At the end of the previous school year Harry and another student, Cedric Diggory, had been kidnapped from the school by a portkey. Cedric had subsequently been murdered, and Harry used in a ritual to bring Lord Voldemort, one of the most evil wizards ever to walk the earth, back to life. Harry had managed to pull off an escape from Voldemort, and gotten back to the school and tried to raise the alarm. There was a problem, however; whilst Albus Dumbledore, the Headmaster of Hogwarts School had believed Harry to be telling the truth, Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic had not. With the Ministry not prepared to face up to the truth, Dumbledore had taken matters into his own hands and reconvened some kind of vigilante group in the hope of tackling Voldemort and his followers.

And that was all that Harry knew on that front. He had gone home from Hogwarts with all the other students when the school year had ended on the third of July and then for a whole month he had heard nothing. No word from Dumbledore, no word from Harry's Godfather, Sirius Black, and no word from either of Harry's two best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger. No letters, not a telephone call from Hermione, nothing. Not even when he sent off letters asking for answers with his snowy owl Hedwig.

After the third attempt, Hedwig had not returned.

Harry had been so desperate for news that he had actually begun a subscription to the wizarding newspaper The Daily Prophet. Harry had had bad experiences with the Daily Prophet during the past year, particularly one of its reporters, Rita Skeeter, but in the end his desire for news had won out against his personal distaste of the newspaper and its unscrupulous journalists. That, though, had been a wasted effort. If Voldemort was active and attacking people then it would have been front page news. Harry didn't bother to read the papers as they arrived; he merely glanced over the front page and, seeing nothing pointing to the activities of Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters, he ignored the rest. He had decided that either Voldemort was playing a waiting game, or, far more likely in Harry's opinion, the Ministry was engaging in a cover-up and putting pressure on the staff of The Daily Prophet to keep quiet.

After a month of being away from Hogwarts and the magical world, Harry had begun to really feel the strain. An orphan, he lived with non-magical relatives from his mother's side of the family. They did not like him and the feeling was very much a mutual one. By the second of August Harry had been reaching the end of his tether. Between his hateful relatives, the lack of news and the weather of Britain suddenly deciding to roast everyone with a heat wave, Harry Potter was just looking for an excuse to take out his magic wand and give someone a good hexing. That evening Harry had bumped into his bullying cousin Dudley. Words between them quickly became heated and, sensing that Dudley about ready to throw a punch, Harry had drawn his wand.

Then it happened.

Two Dementors, monstrous, wraith like beings that fed on the happy memories of people and sucked out their souls had swooped down upon Harry and Dudley, attacking them. Harry had utilised the only effective method of repelling a Dementor, the patronus charm, in order to send the two terrifying abominations fleeing, saving not only his own life but the life of his cousin as well.

Following that event, several things had happened one after another. First Mrs Figg, a batty old neighbour, had arrived on the scene. She had revealed herself to be a Squib (a person born to a magical family but had no magic themselves) and then informed Harry that Dumbledore's people had been keeping an eye on him all summer, following his every move.

Fat lot of good they were if the best that could be provided in a crisis was a Squib.

Dudley was far from being alright after his encounter with the Dementors. Once Harry had gone through the immense effort of dragging the fat tub of lard back home, his relatives were far from grateful. Utterly convinced that he had done something to harm their precious son, Harry's Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had been all for throwing him out on the street. It was testament to how deep his loathing of his family ran that Harry actually found this to be a highly tempting offer.

Then, for the first time in a month, word from the magical world came. It was a letter, delivered by an owl from the Ministry of Magic, informing him that he was now expelled from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. This just gave his relatives more encouragement to throw him out onto the streets. With the Ministry also threatening to snap his wand, Harry had been all for making a run for it right there and then. At that moment, however, a flurry of letters from his friend Ron's Dad, from Harry's Godfather and from the Ministry had turned that plan on its head. Though the three letters had barely contained thirty words between them, the gist of their message had been that Harry was not expelled yet, but would have to attend a disciplinary hearing that the Ministry on the twelfth of August.

And that was where he was heading right now.

In the days that had passed since the Dementor attack, Harry had heard nothing from anyone. He had long since given up hope of receiving any friendly correspondence from anyone, but was it too much to ask that someone, either from the Ministry or from Dumbledore's lot would have made contact in order to make arrangements for him to get to the Ministry of Magic building, especially given how he had never been to the place in his life?

Evidently it was too much to ask, as no one had bothered to get in contact with him to offer up any such information and, without Hedwig, Harry had been unable to send a letter containing his questions.

It was just as well that, before his third year at Hogwarts, Harry had discovered the convenient, if stomach-churning service provided by the Knight Bus (as they had sure as hell never mentioned it at school!) Several hours before his hearing at the Ministry, Harry had left the home of his relatives and flagged down the Knight Bus. There had been a few people already on board before he got on, but he was assured that he would arrive at the Ministry of Magic in plenty of time.

With another lurch the Knight Bus came to a stop, this time to pick up someone, and then it sped off again.

After having a word with first the new passenger, and then with Ernie Prang, the driver of the bus, Stan the conductor made his way along the aisle between the rows of seats to Harry.

"A'right 'Arry?" he asked "We just got an passenger on board 'oo needs to get to da Leaky Cauldron 'sumfink fast, so we is gonna change our course an' drop her off an' den you."

Harry nodded in acceptance "That's fine."

To be honest, although he was dreading the upcoming hearing, he could hardly wait to get off the Knight Bus. Had he eaten anything more than a single slice of dry, slightly stale bread for his breakfast that morning, then he was reasonably certain that violent jostling of the Knight Bus would have caused him to throw it up by now.

The bus made the drop off outside the Leaky Cauldron and then sped off once more. Then, all of a sudden they were stopped again with Stan loudly announcing "Ministry o' Magic, Visitor's Entrance."

Harry got to his feet and got off the bus. He was surprised to find himself facing, not some kind of grandiose door that marked the entry point to the Ministry of Magic building like he had expected, but rather a red telephone box.

Harry turned back towards the Knight Bus and saw that Stan was watching him.

"What-" he began, but Stan interrupted him.

"Jus' get in an' dial "magic."" Stan said before the doors to the bus slammed shut and the bus raced off.

Confused, but not knowing what else to do, Harry stepped into the phone box and picked up the receiver. He held it to his ear and heard nothing but silence. There was no dial tone. However, given how this was supposedly the visitor's entrance to the Ministry of Magic, Harry suspected that the lack of a dial tone was to deter Muggles.

Harry checked the keypad and saw that, as expected, each number also had three letters beneath it. In order to spell magic, Harry pressed six, two, four, four and two in that order. Then a nasal female voice came through the receiver.

"Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business."

"Er…" said Harry, "Harry Potter, here to attend a disciplinary hearing…"

"Thank you," said the voice "Visitor, please take the badge and attach it to the front of your robes."

There was a click and a rattle, and Harry noticed something slide out of the chute where returned coins usually appeared. He picked it up and saw that it was a squared shaped, silver badge with the words Harry Potter, Disciplinary Hearing engraved on it. Harry pinned it to the front of his school robes (the only robes he owned besides the dress robes that he had worn to the Yule Ball the previous Christmas, and they were too dressy for the hearing.)

The female voice spoke again "Visitor to the Ministry, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for registration. This can be done at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the atrium."

Then the floor of the telephone box gave a slight shudder and began sinking into the ground. It took about a minute, though it seemed a lot longer to Harry, for the telephone box to come to a stop. The door swung open as the female voice said "The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day."

Harry stepped out of the telephone box and found himself standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall, the walls of which were tiled with black marble. The floor consisted of a dark wood that was highly polished.

Along the walls stood a line of fireplaces, and every few moments one or more of these would roar into life with green flames and a wizard or witch would step out into the atrium. Floo powder, though efficient, was not Harry's preferred choice of magical travel.

Half way along the hall there was a large golden fountain that gave Harry pause for thought. It featured a wizard, a witch, a Centaur, a Goblin and a House Elf, the last three of which were looking up at the witch and wizard with adoration on their faces. Only the expression on the House Elf seemed right. The Centaurs of Hogwarts' Forbidden Forest would likely be greatly insulted by their depiction, and it was just as well Goblins didn't do business with wizards and witches outside of the bank, Gringotts. Harry was willing to bet all the money he had that if a Goblin ever caught sight of that statue, the Ministry would be dealing with a full-blown Goblin rebellion within the hour.

At the other end of the hall, Harry came to a desk with a plaque on top that read Security. Harry approached it and cleared his throat to get the attention of the guard, who had his nose buried in that morning's edition of The Daily Prophet.

The guard looked up and asked "What?" in a gruff voice.

"Er… I just came down the visitor's entrance." Harry replied "The phone said to contact the security desk."

The guard gave a resigned nod (resigned because he would have to do some actual work today) and set his newspaper down on the desk.

"Come round this side," said the guard. Harry did so and found himself subjected to the strange experience of having an object rather like a television aerial waved about in front of and around him. Obviously satisfied, the guard set the strange device down on the desk, and held out his hand to Harry, demanding "Wand?"

Harry handed over his wand and watched as the guard examined it. After confirming the make of wand and the length of time it had been used for, the guard gave Harry his wand back before picking up his copy of The Daily Prophet again.

Evidently that was the end of the security check. Harry, however, wasn't done with the man.

"Excuse me," he said, trying to sound as polite as possible "but how do I get to the… um…" he suddenly realised that he didn't have a clue where he was meant to be going. He tried asking another way "I'm here for a hearing for underage magic use. Do you know where I'm meant to go?"

The guard didn't look up, but did give a reply "Go over to the golden gates and get into a lift. Get out on the second level, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Ask someone there."

"Thanks." replied Harry, though he wasn't really sure exactly how helpful the man had been. On the plus side though, the man hadn't recognised him. The last thing Harry wanted at the moment was to be pointed out in the middle of this crowd. If they all stopped to gawk at him, or more specifically his scar, as wizards and witches not used to the sight of him usually did, he'd likely never get to the hearing.

Harry weaved his way through the jostling crowd and found his way into one of the lifts. Unlike buildings in the Muggle side of Britain, it turned out that the levels of the Ministry building didn't go from the ground floor up to the first floor and so on. Instead the floor numbers decreased with height. It turned out that the Atrium had been on level eight. With the floor he wanted being on level two, Harry had quite a wait but finally the lift doors opened and the female voice from the telephone box announced "Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters and Wizengamot Administration Services."

To Harry the name "Improper Use of Magic Office" sounded promising. He was obviously on the right level and got out of the lift.

Harry found himself on a corridor lined with many doors. Two people had gotten out of the lift with Harry and they promptly marched off down the corridor, leaving him behind. He moved more slowly, reading the little sign on every door, explaining what the room beyond was for. Finally he came to one marked "Improper Use of Magic Office" and tried to turn the handle. The door swung open and Harry tentatively stepped into the room beyond. Inside there were two lines of three desks, one line along each side wall, and another, larger desk in between but at the back. Hanging on the wall behind this desk was a massive map of the Great Britain and Ireland. At a guess, Harry supposed that the map somehow indicated where magic was being used inappropriately, either before Muggles or by an underage witch or wizard. Technically Harry was guilty of both, though it was to save both his life and that of the stupid fat tub of lard that he technically was supposed to call his cousin.

Only four of the desks were occupied, including the big one at the back, and everyone in the room looked up at his sudden intrusion into their work day.

"Um… hi?" said Harry. Getting no greeting in response, Harry continued "I got a letter about attending a hearing-"

He broke off as the eyes of the witch sitting at the big desk lit up in recognition "Oh, Mr Potter! Yes, we were expecting you, though not for another hour or so. I'm Mafalda Hopkirk, I'm the head of this little office. Why don't you take a seat at Summerby's desk, she's in Majorca for the month, and I'll go and let Madam Bones know that you're here."

As Madam Hopkirk bustled out of the room, Harry made his way over to the nearest empty desk; the front left one, and saw a plaque with Summerby's name on it. Trying to ignore the stares he was getting from the other people in the office, Harry sat down in the chair behind the desk. The desk was untidy; a clutter of parchment, some of which contained hastily written notes, the rest of which contained what appeared to be runes of some kind. Harry supposed that the runes had something to do with how this office tracked the improper use of magic. There was also a picture of a boy of about Harry's age. Harry recognised him as Eric Summerby, a student from Hufflepuff house who was in the year above Harry. It was a strange thing, last year Eric Summerby had been one of the students who had treated Harry with contempt after he was entered in the tri-wizard tournament, and now Harry was sitting at his mother's desk at the Ministry awaiting a trial for underage magic.

I really was a small world after all.

A few moments after it had shut the door to the office opened again. Madam Hopkirk came in, and with her was a square-jawed woman with close-cropped grey hair and a monocle.

"Mr Potter" stated the monocle-wearing woman "you're here, good. I'm Amelia Bones, the Head of the DMLE. Follow me."

Confused, Harry none the less got to his feet and followed Amelia out of the room saying "I'm sorry, I thought that my hearing was taking place in here."

Madam Bones shook her head "No, those hearings usually take place with me in my office."

"Usually?" asked Harry.

"There has been a change of plans." replied Madam Bones as she led him towards the lifts at the end of the corridor "It seems that Minister Fudge doesn't trust me to come to a suitable outcome to this situation all by myself and has decided to hold your hearing before the whole Wizengamot."

"The what?" questioned Harry.

"The Wizengamot." replied Madam Bones as they got into a lift "A judicial and legislative branch of the Ministry. They are usually involved in the passing of decrees and the creation of new laws."

Trying to not sound rude, Harry asked "But why should my trial take place before all of them?"

"That is the point, Mr Potter," said Madam Bones "It shouldn't."

On floor four several Ministerial employees from the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures got into the lift and Madam Bones went silent. Harry took the hint and kept quiet as well.

To Harry's surprise they didn't get out at the level of the Atrium and instead continued on downwards. When the lift came to a stop, the door rattled open and the female voice said "Department of Mysteries."

"Er…" began Harry as Madam Bones led the way out of the lift.

"Nothing to do with where we're going." she said to him as the lift doors clanged shut behind him.

Ahead Harry saw nothing except a single, plain black door set in the wall at the far end of the corridor. Harry half expected to be led through it, but with a "This way." Madam Bones guided him down a staircase off to one side.

At the bottom of the staircase they came to a corridor that consisted of rough stone walls and flaming torches in brackets. They passed several doors, each of which was heavy and made of wood, with iron bolts and keyholes.

"Here we are." said Madam Bones, stopping by a particularly dark and grimy door "Courtroom Ten." She turned to Harry "I have to head straight in as I'm a key member of the Wizengamot. You take a seat on that bench over there and someone will call for you when we are ready."

Harry gave a nod, turned and sat down on the bench. By the time he looked towards Madam Bones again, the door to the courtroom was just shutting behind her.

Harry remained sitting in complete silence for several very long minutes before hearing something. It sounded to him like the footsteps of someone trying to not make a sound and failing miserably.

He turned to look along the corridor, and the sound of footsteps stopped.

"Hello?" he asked aloud, but no reply came.

Harry got to his feet, his eyes straining to see in the torchlight.

"Hello?" he called again.

Almost as if in answer, the door to Courtroom Ten opened and a voice Harry recognised called out "Harry Potter?"

Harry turned and was surprised to see Percy Weasley, one of Ron's older brothers standing in the doorway, holding a roll of parchment and a quill. He was looking directly at Harry, but there was no sign of recognition on his face "Hurry up and get inside, Mr Potter. It won't do to keep the Wizengamot waiting."

And with that Percy turned and strolled back into the room, Harry following tentatively in his wake.

Harry recognised the dungeon-like that room he was now in. He had seen it before. He had been in it before… well, kind of. He had seen it in a memory in a pensive. It was where the Ministry had carried out Death Eater trials at the end of the last war with Lord Voldemort. Were they treating him as if he were a Death Eater?

Benches lined all the walls, but the ones to either side of him were empty. In front of him, however, in the highest benches of all, there sat many shadowy figures. They had all been talking in a low murmur, but as the door behind Harry swung shut, an ominous silence fell.

A cold male voice rang out "You got our owl with the message that the time and place of the hearing had been changed?"

"No." replied Harry "I arrived early and met with Madam Bones. She told me." He had no idea what games the Minister was planning on playing, but Harry had no intention of going along with them

"Very well," said the male voice "Take your seat."

Harry looked to the middle of the room where a very uncomfortable looking wooden chair sat. There were black metal chains attached to the arms. It was the kind of chair used to keep the worst of the Death Eaters seated as they were sentenced to life in Azkaban, the wizarding prison.

Harry felt a surge of annoyance. Madam Bones had said that he should not be facing a trial by Wizengamot for his crime. The Minister's earlier question proved that the man had been hoping to make Harry look bad by changing the time and the place of the hearing without letting Harry know in enough time. And now they expected him to sit in that chair.

Harry stood resolute and asked "And if I refuse to accept being treated like a murdering Death Eater?"

The murmur of many voices talking at once began again, and became louder than it had been when he first entered the courtroom.

Someone began banging a gavel, causing Harry to wonder just when the British Ministry had taken to mimicking the Muggle courts of the United States, as Muggle judges in England did not make use of such things, and never had; despite what films and television shows claimed (he knew this thanks to a lecture from Hermione in his second year.) Nevertheless, the action served its purpose; the members of the Wizengamot quietened down and Madam Bones spoke "I appreciate your concern, Mr Potter, but you have my assurances that the spells on the chains of that particular chair have been removed."

Harry eyed the Wizengamot with a doubtful look for a moment longer before making his way over to the chair and sitting in it. The black chains seemed to twitch, almost as if threatening him, but true to Madam Bones' word, he wasn't bound to the chair as the Death Eaters had been.

Upon entering the room, Harry had felt slightly sick. Now he felt a little more self-confident. The thing he had to remember, to focus on was that Madam Bones was the head of Magical Law Enforcement and she was on his side… at least in so far as being disapproving of the way his hearing was being carried out anyway.

"Very well," said Minister Fudge, a portly man who usually wore a lime green bowler hat (though today he appeared to have dispensed with it) "With the accused now present, let us begin. Are you ready?" he called down to where Percy Weasley was sitting, parchment and quill poised for writing.

"Yes, Minister." Percy called back.

In a ringing voice, Fudge began "Disciplinary hearing on the twelfth of August into offences committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the Statute of Secrecy by one Harry James Potter, of Number 4, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. Interrogators; Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement; and Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic."

Harry frowned in confusion and thought 'Senior what to the Minister?" He knew that some businesses liked to create job titles out of thin air or pad them out to make the position sound more important than it actually was but bloody hell, that one just about took the biscuit! Come to that why was a secretary going to decide his fate? Shouldn't she be doing Percy's job while someone like Mafalda Hopkirk sat in the seat she was currently occupying? Harry noticed that she hadn't come down here with him and Madam Bones, and it was her office he was in trouble with!

Oblivious to Harry's internal rant, Minister Fudge continued on "Court Scribe Percival Ignatius Weasley…"

On and on the list of names went, with Harry fairly certain that there had been a "half-sister to the lady who cleans the canteen on a Thursday afternoon" in there somewhere, but nowhere was there a mention of someone who might be on Harry's side. He was fairly certain he was entitled to a solicitor or something like that to speak in his defence here. Come to think of it, where was Dumbledore? Harry was certain that in amongst that man's many titles there was a 'Chief Something to the Wizengamot.' So where was he now, because from the sounds of it every member of the Wizengamot was present, along with every member of their respective families.

And the neighbour's dog!

Finally the long and boring list of names and pointless titles was ended and Fudge got on with the actual proceedings "So, we all know the charges," Harry wasn't entirely sure anymore but wasn't about to interrupt again; he was bored enough already. Fudge continued to tell them all anyway "The accused did knowingly, deliberately and in full awareness of the illegality of his actions, having received a previous warning from the Ministry of Magic, produce a Patronus Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area, in the presence of a Muggle, on the second of August at twenty-three minutes past nine in the evening, which constitutes an offence under Paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under Section 13 of the International Confederation of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy, 1692."

Fudge looked up from the sheet of parchment before him, from which he had read the charges, and turned his gaze upon Harry.

"You are Harry James Potter of Number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?"

"Yes." Harry said.

"You received an official warning from the Ministry for using illegal magic three years ago, did you not?"

"Yes, but-"

"And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the second of August?"

"Yes," replied Harry "but-"

"Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside of school while you are under the age of seventeen?"

"Yes, but-"

"Knowing that you were in an area filled with Muggles?"

"Yes, but-"

"Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?"

"Yes," said Harry angrily "but I only used it because we were-"

It was Madam Bones who cut across him this time "You produced a fully-fledged Patronus?"

"Yes," said Harry "because-"

"A corporeal Patronus?"

"A – what?" asked Harry.

"Your patronus had a clearly defined form? Was it more than mere vapour?"

"Yes, it's a stag. Always a stag." replied Harry who, quite frankly, was getting fed up with this questioning. They weren't letting him answer the key question of why he cast the Patronus in the first place.

"Always?" asked Madam Bones "You've produced a Patronus before now?"

"Yes," replied Harry "I've had to do it before."

"Had to?"

"Yes," said Harry "I thought that the Ministry was aware of that."

"And why would we be?" asked Madam Bones.

"Well in my third year, the Ministry of Magic ordered that a group of Dementors be stationed around the school for the safety of the students. After one attacked me on the Hogwarts Express and a whole lot of them attacked my in the middle of a Quidditch match, causing me to fall from a height of over a hundred feet, the Defence Professor volunteered his time to teach me."

Harry looked directly at the Minister, who looked slightly uncomfortable at his words. Harry chose to drive his point home. "Surely you remember, Minister. The Dementors attacking me at the Quidditch match was why the Headmaster refused them any further access to the grounds, no matter how much you insisted."

Fudge was now turning a shade of purple that would have done Harry's Uncle Vernon proud "Be that as it may, it does not exempt you from the fact that you performed the spell in the presence of a Muggle."

The Wizengamot began murmuring again. On seeing Percy give a sanctimonious little nod, Harry was driven to speak.

"I did it because we were being attacked by Dementors." he said loudly, before anyone else could interrupt him."

Harry had expected the response to that statement to be more muttering. What he got was silence.

Finally the quiet was broken by laughter coming from Fudge "Ah, yes," he said "Yes, I was wondering when we'd be hearing some cock-and-bull story like this one."

"Cornelius," said Madam Bones, and Harry was pleased to note that there was a tone on warning in her voice.

She turned to Harry and asked "What do you mean by that last statement?"

"It's simple," replied Harry "my cousin and I were walking along an alleyway that would lead us back home when we were attacked by two Dementors."

"Poppycock!" Fudge burst out "The Ministry has no records for there being two Dementors in Little Whinging on that evening or any other. Why would they be?"

"I don't know," replied Harry "Perhaps they were two wild Dementors."

"There are no wild Dementors in the British Isles." replied Fudge.

"Then it follows that the Ministry's records are wrong." said Harry.

"Or that you are a liar." commented the woman sitting next to Fudge. Harry had quite forgotten her name, along with her self-important job title, but noticed for the first time that she was dressed all in pink, and looked rather like a toad.

"I am not a liar," replied Harry "Is it possible that two of your Dementors went rogue?"

"The Ministry does not lose control of its Dementors." replied Fudge.

Harry leaned back in his chair and tilted his head back to look up at the ceiling, he could think of at least two incidents where the Ministry had lost control of its Dementors. Actually he could think of a third, but bringing that one up would only cause trouble for a lot of people. His problem now was how to convince the Wizengamot that he was telling the truth.

And then it came to him. Hadn't Professor Dumbledore warned Fudge that this very thing might happen during that unpleasant day in the Hospital Wing of Hogwarts, back near the end of June?

Was the Minister still so prepared to ignore the truth as he was back then? All current evidence pointed to the answer to that question being a resolute "yes" but Harry knew that he had to try.

Turning his attention back on Fudge, Harry said "There is one other, of course, who could have ordered those Dementors to attack me in Little Whinging."

Fudge caught on to exactly what Harry was getting at and replied "He's not back."

Harry scowled "Still ignoring everything that the Headmaster told you back in June, Minister? Are you still so determined to ignore the fact that your perfect little world is in danger once again?"

Silence greeted this. Harry could not help but notice that Fudge, the toad-lady and several other members of the Wizengamot looked triumphant now.

Not the reaction he was expecting.

Madam Bones leaned forward slightly in her seat and spoke "Mr Potter, Albus Dumbledore withdrew his statements regarding the alleged return of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named a month ago."

Harry stared back up at her feeling stunned. "Withdrew his statements?" Did that mean Dumbledore had reason to believe that he, Harry, was not telling the truth? But that was preposterous. Dumbledore had questioned the Death Eater Barty Crouch Jr. himself, under the influence of truth serum. It just did not make any sense.

"Or does it?" asked a voice from somewhere in the back of Harry's mind. Harry blinked at the question, and thought on it. Dumbledore had changed his mind and withdrawn all his comments regarding the return of Lord Voldemort. Why? The answer to that hit Harry like a ton of bricks. Obviously Dumbledore stood to gain somehow if he kept quiet on the subject. Perhaps Fudge had bullied the rest of the Wizengamot into threatening to force Dumbledore out of his Chief Warlock post is he didn't stop. Apparently Dumbledore had done so, but why hadn't he informed Harry?

"So you can take the fall." replied the voice in the back of his mind.

"Why?" Harry wondered.

"Because by detaching himself from you, he will look better in the eyes of the Ministry." the voice said.

And suddenly it all made sense: the lack of contact with people he knew, the lack of news, no one showing up to help him today; it was probably all done upon Dumbledore's orders to keep himself looking good to those in power. And those who were watching him at Privet Drive were doing so, not for his safety, but to make sure he didn't do anything that would make Dumbledore look bad. They were probably checking to make sure he didn't send a letter to the Daily Prophet or something; they sure as hell hadn't been of any use to him when he was attacked!

Harry looked up at the hundred or so faces before him and saw that every single one was watching him intently. And Harry came to the sudden realisation that if he wanted to keep his wand in one piece, he would need a change in tactics.

One method immediately sprang to mind, but the question was whether or not he could do it.

"A very Slytherin plan." the voice noted.

Harry would normally have shied away from anything that might associate him with the Slytherin House of Hogwarts, but acting like a Gryffindor had gotten him nowhere. It was time to let his Slytherin side out to play.

Slowly he stood from his seat and stepped forward before bowing low to the Wizengamot and saying "My sincere apologies. It appears that the plans have been changed and that Dumbledore did not see fit to inform me of the situation."

The murmur of the Wizengamot grew loud very fast following that statement, and Harry was pleased to see that Fudge looked positively overjoyed at his "divulgence."



* * *



A/N: So how's that for a first chapter? Sorry to end on a cliff hanger, but it felt like an appropriate stopping place. On a side note, at over 6,600 words, I believe that this is the longest first chapter I have ever written, as well as being the one of the longest chapters overall.

As I mentioned at the top, although the main characters are given as Harry and Susan, I am undecided as to whether or not that will be the pairing. I am leaning in favour of it though; I usually go Harry/Hermione, so it's time for a change, and Harry/Susan is my second favourite pairing... no, Harry/Luna is second, this one is third. Anyway, I hope that you enjoy what comes, regardless





*Chapter 2*: Meeting with the Minister


			Holy crap! I cannot believe the response the first chapter of this story got! I don't think I've ever had so many "review", "alert" and "favourite" messages come in all at once. My inbox didn't know what hit it! Seriously, 98 reviews, 183 favourites and 368 follows is not something I ever expected to see after just one chapter. This story needs to be really, really good now in order to be deserving of its initial response. Gulp!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 2: Meeting with the Minister

Harry was sitting in a large and ornate office. A desk made of exquisitely carved and refined mahogany, far larger than anyone required a desk to be, sat before him. On the opposite side of the desk there sat a tall, Queen Anne wingback chair of black leather. In that chair sat Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic, who was surveying Harry with an inquisitive look that really did not seem to belong on his face. Most people would doubt that the Minister could actually make his face form such a look. Pompous and/or constipated, yes, or maybe befuddled, but never inquisitive. Nevertheless, it was there. And it made Harry quite uncomfortable, though he was doing his level best to conceal it.

Harry himself was seated in a chair not too dissimilar to the Minister's, though this one was admittedly a fair bit smaller.

They were currently waiting on Madam Bones. Following Harry's "confession" in the courtroom, the Minister had adjourned the day's proceedings so that, in his words "New evidence could be assessed and put in order." Harry guessed that meant that Fudge wanted to hear what Harry had to say for himself without the rest of the Wizengamot there, thus enabling him to discover what kind of spin he would have to put on the situation in order to get the best results. After all, it wouldn't do for Harry to mention anymore "Dementors at the Quidditch game" type things to the whole Wizengamot. Fudge had obviously seen a chance to get Harry on his side of things as well as do damage to Dumbledore's reputation, but that would only work so long as he and Harry got their stories straight.

Madam Bones had insisted on being in the meeting and, given that the case had already been brought before the Wizengamot, Fudge could not deny the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement access to proceedings.

Harry knew that this meant that the Minister would have to tread carefully, and it was likely that he would as well. Madam Bones would be a major asset as an ally. She would also make a devastating enemy.

Strangely Madam Bones had not immediately come up to the office when Harry and the Minister had. Instead they had gotten outside the courtroom and she had suddenly announced that she had a quick bit of business to attend to. What that business could be Harry could not guess, surely she had set aside a good portion of her morning in order to accommodate his trial. Nevertheless, they had gone on without her.

As they were waiting Harry ran many thoughts and possibilities through his mind. What should he reveal? What should he not? What should he put a spin on? Where should he lie? What did he want to achieve here?

The door to the office and Madam Bones walked in. Once she had taken a seat in a chair beside Harry, the Minister began.

"So, Mr Potter, you said down in the courtroom that plans had been changed. What exactly did you mean by that?"

"Oh, it's quite simple," replied Harry "Dumbledore desires to take control of the Ministry for himself."

Fudge sat up straighter in his seat "And why would he want to do that?"

Harry shook his head "I am not entirely sure why. I'm just one of the pawns he hoped to use in order to invoke the change, and therefore not entitled to know the greater details of the scheme. It is possible, however, that he has come to mistrust your judgement in matters."

"My judgement?" asked Fudge.

"Oh yes," replied Harry "For example there was my third year, where you insisted that the Dementors be placed around Hogwarts."

"That was for your safety," said Fudge "Sirius Black-"

Harry cut him off "The Dementors got a lot closer to killing me than Black has, and on three separate occasions as well. When, at the end of the year, Black had me confounded," Harry didn't like saying that as it wasn't truthful to Sirius, but he had to play to the Ministry's view of those events "and yet a Dementor tried to administer the Kiss to me, intending to get rid of me before moving on to Black. The Dementors lack any and all perceptions with regards to the differences between people and by putting them at Hogwarts you nearly got killed the very person you wanted to protect the most. I hasten to add that there was another student there at the time, a friend of mine. That would have just made things worse. It is only through the Defence Professor for that year teaching me the patronus charm that I was able to keep the Dementors at bay long enough for help to arrive. Had that not been the case, I would not be here to have this conversation, and I would guess that you would be out of office, either in Azkaban for the endangerment of students, or lynched by the Wizarding public for your part in the death of The Boy-Who-Lived. It is likely and a fair few other Ministry officials would have found themselves in the same situation." At that Harry nodded to Madam Bones.

Fudge shifted in his seat uncomfortably "Yes, well… When you put it like that…"

"There is also the case of the arrest of Rubeus Hagrid during my second year," said Harry "I'm not entirely sure how accurate the Hogwarts rumour mill is, but I believe that the phrase "The Ministry has got to be seen to be doing something" was thrown about."

The Minister paled slightly, and Harry had to fight to hold back a smile. That quotation wasn't a rumour. Harry had been there, under his invisibility cloak the night that Hagrid was arrested and heard the words coming straight from the mouth of the Minister himself. But by saying it was a school rumour, Harry had covered himself at the same time as making his point to the Minister.

Harry continued "And then there was that shocking embarrassment at the Quidditch World Cup, with all those Death Eaters marching about, tormenting Muggles and setting fire to peoples' tents… I seem to remember an announcement of a reduction in funding for the DMLE sometime early during my second year at Hogwarts, and the following summer Sirius Black escapes from Azkaban Prison and then the next year we have to suffer that embarrassment, especially with the Ministers from many other countries present, as well as the media…"

"Yes, yes…" said Fudge with an air of someone who really did not want to think about such embarrassments.

"All in all, putting those things together, it's not hard to come up with a possible reason for Dumbledore's actions," Harry continued "But as I said, I'm just a pawn in the middle of Dumbledore's grand schemes."

Deciding to move the discussion along, Madam Bones asked "So when did Dumbledore approach you with his plan to seize control of the Ministry?"

Harry considered his words carefully before answering "Well, the first that I knew for definite was shortly before the third task of the Tri Wizard Tournament. I think it was not long after Mr Crouch turned up at Hogwarts, raving mad, before disappearing again. Dumbledore didn't come right out and confess the entire plan, he just said something along the lines of "The Minister is not prepared to listen to reason." I don't remember it all word-for-word, but the gist was that you were no longer listening to every word coming out of his mouth and it was time for you to go."

Fudge noticeably bristled "Really? Just who does that blustering old coot think he is?"

"One thing I have noticed about Dumbledore," said Harry "is that he doesn't like people who don't dance to his tune."

"And what made you go along with the plan, Mr Potter?" asked Madam Bones.

"Well to put it simply," replied Harry "I am one of the many who has been trained to dance to Dumbledore's tune."

Madam Bones frowned and demanded "Explain?"

Harry steeled himself. It was now time for him to reveal some truths about himself that he was not usually comfortable talking about with anyone.

"As you learned from my trial earlier, if you didn't already know, I live with Muggle relatives from my mother's side of the family. Simply put, they don't like magic. In fact, they hate it. And they have no love for me. Although they took me in, begrudgingly I might add, they were very neglectful towards me, and blamed me for everything that went wrong in their lives. As such, when I showed up for Hogwarts, I was both meek and eager to please, two traits that I am very certain Dumbledore exploited to his advantage."

"How did he take advantage?" asked Madam Bones.

"The first person from the Magical World I can ever remember meeting was Hagrid. And you know how loyal he is to Dumbledore. And my first friend at Hogwarts was Ronald Weasley, and you know how loyal the Weasleys are to Dumbledore too. From say one it was "Great man, Dumbledore," and "He's bloody brilliant." Combined with his Grandfather-like persona, I was quickly sucked into the crowd of people who believe that the Hogwarts Headmaster can do no wrong."

"And add to that your desire to keep away from your relatives, you end up becoming the perfect pawn." finished Madam Bones.

"Exactly." said Harry "I am in the perfect position to be made to see things from Dumbledore's point or view, and that makes be especially vulnerable to his manipulations."

"And how did Dumbledore convince you to go through with his plan to destabilise the Ministry?" asked Fudge.

"He told me that if I didn't go through with it, he would snap my wand, bind my magic and send me back to my relatives' house permanently." replied Harry, the lie forming easily.

Fudge frowned as remarked "I know you said that you don't like them, but how can it be so bad that you would go to such lengths to stay away from them?"

Harry gave a sigh. It was time to reveal something that he had told to no one before. He stood from his seat and undid his robe. Then he lifted up his shirt and turned around. He heard a gasp from Amelia and it sounded like Fudge had knocked something off of his desk.

On his back were several scars.

"See the longest one?" asked Harry "The one going across the small of my back from, starting slightly higher on the right?"

"It looks like you were it with a whip." observed Madam Bones.

"My Uncle did that. At school I got told off for throwing bubble gum into a girls' hair. The problem was that it wasn't me, it was my cousin Dudley. When the teacher asked who did it, my cousin and nine others all pointed the finger of blame at me. I protested but she told me off, and my accidental magic turned her hair blue. When I got home, Dudley told his parents. Uncle Vernon then took his belt and beat me with it."

"Did they often do things like that?" asked Madam Bones.

Harry shook his head "Only when the magic I did was highly obvious. Normally they just settled for locking me in the cupboard under the stairs, which is where my bedroom was. If the magic was deemed worse I would get punished. See the scar below the left shoulder blade? That one was because I was being chased by bullied and accidentally apparated onto the roof of the school."

Harry lowered his shirt and picked up his robe to put it back on "I trust you now realise why I don't want to go back to my relatives."

Fudge nodded "Yes, of course. Anyone would want to avoid that. But what made you think that Dumbledore could take your wand and force you to remain there?"

Harry tilted his head to the side, as if considering his response before giving it "Surely you must have noticed, Minister, that the Headmaster gets away with a lot of things that the average witch or wizard would not. And I have good reason to believe that it was Dumbledore who put me with the Dursleys in the first place. When I first met Hagrid, he admitted to pulling me from the ruins of my parents' home and taking me to the Dursleys. It's not that hard to believe that Dumbledore ordered him to do it."

Fudge nodded "Yes, yes that is true. Dumbledore does get away with a lot. And he did tell the Wizengamot at the time that you have been put in the care of family from your mother's side. I remember that it didn't sit too well with some people. Some wanted you in a wizarding family, some thought that they had a claim in being able to raise you, some thought it was wrong to hide you… of course some of that last group turned out to be Death Eater sympathisers."

Madam Bones turned the talk back to the subject at hand "So how much of the events of the night of the Third Task were Dumbledore's manipulations in progress?"

"Honestly?" asked Harry "I have no idea. I think Dumbledore knew the truth about Barty Crouch Jr. impersonation Alastor Moody very early on. Think about it; Dumbledore and Moody are supposed to be old friends, so how could Dumbledore not notice an impostor easily? I believe that there being another convicted Death Eater on the loose was meant to help in destabilising you, Minister. The story of Voldemort's return, however, was entirely fabricated. It was meant to spread a mass panic that would help his cause."

"And who killed Cedric Diggory?" asked Madam Bones.

Harry gave a shrug "Probably something in the maze. I found him near the Tri Wizard Cup and thought that he could be useful."

"That's a very unusual thought to have in that situation, Mr Potter." said Madam Bones "You found someone you knew to be dead, and your first thought was to make use of him in Dumbledore's plan."

"I know," said Harry "I have repeatedly wondered if there was a strong compulsion spell or something similar to make me act that way."

Heaving a sigh, Fudge commented "I honestly wouldn't put it past Dumbledore to do such a thing."

Madam Bones nodded in agreement "Yes, given all that you have said, I can see Dumbledore taking measures to ensure that you went through with the plan. Cedric may well have been killed elsewhere in the maze and moved there in order for you to make a more compelling argument. Though it remains to be seen if he was murdered for that purpose or was killed by something in the maze."

Fudge nodded "Such a shame his father decided not to go through with an autopsy. This whole matter could be over with by now."

"Well, Mr Diggory did come up to the school," said Harry "In fact he was there the day of the Third Task. Who knows what spell-work could have been done on him."

"Yes," said Fudge "We'd better have him checked. Now then, why do you think Dumbledore changed his plan?"

"Simple," said Harry "He found that he did not have as much support as he would have liked. This caused the plan to falter, and my guess is that he was set to lose much more than he had to gain…"

"Yes, he was set to lose his position on the Wizengamot and the International Confederation of Wizards," replied Fudge "And we were going to begin a full investigation of the running of Hogwarts."

"Well there you are then," said Harry "He found the risk too much and changed his mind, all the while allowing me to take the fall. My guess would be that he expected you to kick me out of the Wizarding World without me ever finding out that he abandoned both the plan and me. Then should he ever succeed in taking over the Ministry, he could come and bring me back to the Wizarding World, explaining how sorry he was that it had happened and that his hands had been tied by the previous Minister. And I, completely oblivious to his betrayal, would believe every word of it. Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom, he gets out of trouble and still has me on side should he ever gain power at a later date."

"But if he wanted you expelled," said Fudge "then why go to the effort to get you a hearing when we had already decided to expel you in the first place?"

"Simple," said Harry "I got a note from Arthur Weasley telling me that "Dumbledore was sorting things out." And his doing so means that in the end Dumbledore appears even better in my eyes; he did what he could to get the Ministry to see reason, had some success, but couldn't change how the vote went."

Madam Bones had a wry smile on her face as she commented "So he appeared to be doing something."

"Exactly." replied Harry.

Fudge nodded thoughtfully "Very well, Mr Potter. I believe you are telling the truth. Amelia have Dumbledore arrested as soon as possible. We'll have his titles away from him and get him in Azkaban if we can manage it."

Harry held up a hand "Minister, might I suggest something?"

"Yes?"

"Don't be so quick to boot Dumbledore out."

"Why?"

"Because so long as he is either at Hogwarts as Headmaster or working at the Ministry, he is out in the open. He is busy. Take him away from those positions, and suddenly he has a lot of free time on his hands. Don't forget he is still the great Albus Dumbledore, and an Azkaban conviction might be very hard to obtain, especially as all the evidence you have is what little I have been able to give to you."

"And if he is free from all responsibilities he has more time to plan." said Fudge.

Harry nodded "It is far better to keep an enemy where you can see him."

"And meanwhile we can build an airtight case against him." said Madam Bones.

"Correct," replied Harry "Although it might be a good idea to go through with an investigation of how Hogwarts is run. I imagine that you will get a good deal of information on him that way."

Fudge nodded "Yes, yes I think that would be a good idea. Well, if that is all, Mr Potter, I believe that you are free to go."

"I am?" asked Harry, a little surprised.

"Of course." replied Fudge "I think we can let the matter of your trial go, under the circumstances. After all, your cousin already new about magic, and there were no other Muggle witnesses reported. Just don't do it again."

Harry nodded, thanked the Minister and went to stand up.

As he did, Madam Bones said "Hold on."

Harry and the Minister both turned to look at her.

She continued "As we have you here, Mr Potter, I think that we ought to discuss your living arrangements. For the rest of the summer holidays, at least."

Fudge agreed to that "Yes, we can't in good conscience have you going back to such an environment now that we know about it."

"Honestly, it's fine." replied Harry.

"Nonsense," said Fudge "I'm sure we can find you somewhere much better to stay… Amelia, didn't you say that your Susan was in Harry's year?"

"Indeed she is," replied Madam Bones "Do you know her Harry? Susan Bones?"

"I know her," replied Harry "but not too well, I'm afraid."

"Well," said Fudge "He's a perfect opportunity to change that. Assuming, of course, that you would be happy to take Harry in for the next three weeks, Amelia?"

Madam Bones smiled and said "Shouldn't be a problem."

"Very good," said Fudge "Amelia, why don't you take the rest of the day off to help Harry settle in. I'm sure that Rufus can handle things for one afternoon."



* * *



Half an hour later, after Amelia had arranged things with her department at the Ministry, Harry found himself shooting out of the fireplace in the kitchen of the Bones family manor. He crashed straight into a table and then lay in a crumpled heap in the floor.

Somewhere nearby he heard a female voice yelp with surprise. A moment later that same voice exclaimed "Merlin! Are you alright?"

Harry blinked several times, reached up to put his glasses back on and suddenly found himself looking at a pair of worried looking blue eyes.

Behind him the fireplace roared and Madam Bones stepped out of the floo.

She chucked at the sight of Harry on the floor and remarked "I have heard rumours of your less than graceful exiting of the floo network, Mr Potter, but I never expected it to be this bad."

Getting up off of the floor, Harry remarked "Give me a broom any day."

Madam Bones looked to the owner of the blue eyes and asked "Susan, could you leave us alone for a little while? I have some things to ask Mr Potter here."

Susan's eyes moved from her aunt, to Harry and back to her aunt before she gave a nod and left the room.

Once she was gone, Madam Bones indicated that Harry should take a seat at the table. Once they were both seated, she turned to him and asked "Right then, Mr Potter, how much of what you told the Minister earlier was the truth and how much was fabricated?"

Harry gaped at her "What?"

"You heard me." she replied "You might be able to lie well enough to deceive the Minister, but I've been dealing with criminals since before you were born. I went along with you as you spun your little story, but now I want the truth."

Seeing a look mistrust in his eyes, she said "You're not in trouble, Mr Potter. Clearly you have been screwed over by several people in your life, most recently by both the Minister and the Chief Warlock. You lied to get yourself out of a situation that you should never have been in, and now I want the truth."

Harry nodded and replied "As far as I know, Dumbledore had no plot to bring down the Ministry. Voldemort did return at the end of June, and his servant killed Cedric."

Madam Bones nodded and said "You realise that things are going to get more complicated from here on out, right?"

Harry gave a nod, but replied "Everything about my life is complicated, Madam Bones."

A tray containing a teapot, two cups and saucers, two teaspoons, a small jug of milk, a bowl of sugar cubes and a plate of scones appeared on the table between the two of them.

"Tell me everything." said Madam Bones, as she poured them a cup of tea each.

And Harry did. Four years of life at Hogwarts came pouring out of him, almost like the breaking of a damn, there was no stopping it. Be it the rampaging Troll, three headed dog on guard duty, warnings from a House Elf, voices in the corridors, Basilisks attacking, a bewitched diary that wrote back, Dementors on the prowl, or his name coming out of the Tri-Wizard cup, Harry explained the lot. Mad, possessed, oppressed, fraudulent and impersonated teachers were talked about in great detail, and the grand finale of each school year was reviewed in microscopic detail. The Philosopher's Stone, the Chamber of Secrets, the truth about Sirius Black, the torment of Voldemort's rebirth, the Minister's refusal to listen and the recent block on communication, no stone was left unturned.

Eventually Madam Bones nodded, got to her feet and commented "Well, I had better see about improving my Department's budget then, hadn't I?"

Harry looked up at her in bewilderment "You believe me?"

"I do." said replied "I cannot explain why just yet, but I do."

"What should I do about it all, though?" asked Harry.

"We can discuss that at a later time, Harry." said Madam Bones "For now it is past midnight. Come on, I'll show you up to the room where you'll be staying."



* * *



After Harry had gone to bed, Amelia Bones sat in her study, thinking hard. Harry had only done what was needed to free himself of some of the manipulations of both Dumbledore and the Ministry, and she could not fault him for that. The problem now was where to go from this point. With Fudge not facing the fact that Voldemort had returned, she was put into a bid of a bind.

With any luck Fudge and Dumbledore would get so involved in fighting each other that Dumbledore would leave Harry alone, and Amelia could make some changes without Fudge knowing it.

One problem that would have to be dealt with soon was the young Auror she discovered lurking outside the courtroom under an invisibility cloak. Right now, Nymphadora Tonks was detained in a cell that only the highest ranking Aurors had access to and the matter had been kept quiet. She didn't have the evidence for it yet, but Amelia suspected that she had another of Dumbledore's "pawns" on her hands.



* * *



Miles away, in a castle in Scotland, Albus Dumbledore was getting a little concerned. Nymphadora Tonks was supposed to have let him know how young Harry's trial had gone, and she should have done so by now.

He regretted leaving Harry to take the blame, but it was all for the Greater Good in the end.

At least he had avoided having the Ministry investigating the running of the school. Snape, Trelawney, Hagrid and Binns would not stand up to too much scrutiny if they were investigated by competent people. And some of his decisions in recent years would be viewed as very dark to those not of the correct mind set.

Deciding to put his concerns about Tonks out of his mind, he turned back to the papers in front of him. Only three people had applied for the Defence Against the Dark Arts post this time around, and none of them were all that qualified to teach. Not that that had stopped him in the past.

Little did he know that down in London, the Minister for Magic and his highest ranking boot licker had just spent the entire afternoon working on a way to fill that post for him, and inflict a world of pain upon the school.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? Harry talked his way out of trouble now looks rosy in the eyes of the Minister and Madam Bones knows the truth and it ready to prepare to face it. However it is in the next chapter that things will really get going (Harry looking good to the Minister was very important for what is to come, regardless of how many lies Harry had to tell in order to get there.)





*Chapter 3*: Healer Abbott


			Based on the number of reviews, favourites and alerts compared to the number of chapters, this appears to be my most well-liked story, and it hasn't even got going properly yet!

Sorry for the delay, I thought that I had this chapter planned out, but as several reviewers pointed out, I needed to include Harry being seen by a healer "to see all that Pomfrey either did not or was made to ignore" and have his scar examined more closely. I don't feel it moves the plot along too much, but it is pretty much a "must have" for any story of this type.

So here we go…



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 3: Healer Abbott

Harry felt like his head had barely hit the pillow when he awoke to find bright sunlight streaming through the open curtains that hung in front of the large window of the bedroom that he had been shown to the night before.

"Ah, the young sir is up then," said a voice.

Harry rolled over onto his side and saw a House Elf standing next to his bed. Judging by the voice and slighter build, Harry guessed that this House Elf was female, though it wasn't exactly easy to tell with the little beings.

"Mistress Amelia requests that you join her downstairs in the kitchen. She wishes to speak with you," said the Elf.

"Is it alright if I get cleaned up a bit first?" asked Harry.

"Certainly, sir," replied the Elf "I shall inform the Mistress, but please don't be keeping her waiting too long, sir."

And with that the Elf vanished with a pop.

Harry threw back the covers of the bed and swung his legs out onto the wooden floor. He sat on the edge of the bed for a moment, rubbing his eyes wearily, before getting to his feet and making his way over to the en suite bathroom.

Inside the fixtures were all made of an exquisite white marble. Unfortunately there was no shower. Harry had noted this at the Weasley family home, The Burrow, as well. It was the same at Hogwarts. It seemed that the magical community had failed to advance as far as the shower yet. Seeing as he did not have the time for a bath, Harry settled for filling the large wash basin with hot water. After a quick scrub down he dried himself off, got dressed, made a doomed-to-failure attempt to do something with his hair to make it look tidy, and then headed out of his room.

On the staircase leading down to the ground floor, he noticed something that made him pause. The wall beside the staircase was painted in a colour that some might say was called burgundy, whereas others would call it maroon. On the wall there hung dozens, perhaps even hundreds of portrait frames that Harry simply had not taken notice of on his way upstairs the previous evening. He supposed that his tiredness had something to do with it. Also given how just about every corridor and staircase in Hogwarts was decorated with portraits, he had just come to not pay too much attention to the things over time.

As he was walking down the staircase, Harry stopped every so often to take in one portrait or another. It turned out that they all appeared to be members of the Bones family, both born into the line and married into it. Each painting had a small golden plaque, into which were engraved the name, date of birth and date of death of each family member. There was a one of a grim faced man with a short white beard and moustache named Henry Bones, dated to have lived between 949 and 1034. It seemed that the Bones family had a long history, dating to before the time William the Conqueror had led the Norman Conquest against Anglo-Saxon England. In fact, this guy was born before Hogwarts School was even founded *.

Harry moved along the line and saw a couple more names. He was particularly surprised by 'Elizabeth Bones (née Potter) 973 – 1067.' From that he guessed that his own family had a long history as well. It would have been nice to have known that sooner.

Further along the lines he noticed that the Black family had also married into the Bones family, as had the Abbotts, the Longbottoms, the McKinnons and the Meadowes. All very old families, it seemed, and all of whom, if Harry had remembered correctly, had each suffered great losses at the hands of Lord Voldemort and his followers. So much for the supposed value of wizarding blood.

Remembering that Madam Bones was waiting for him, Harry tore his eyes away from the portraits and continued on downstairs. He would definitely be studying those portraits some more during his time here.

In the kitchen Harry found Madam Bones sitting at the table, taking tea with another woman. Although he had never met this woman in his life, as far as he could remember anyway, something about the shape of her face and her blond hair was immediately recognisable to him. Given that he was in the Bones family manor house, and given that Susan Bones was a close friend of Hannah Abbott, and given how much this woman resembled Hannah, Harry immediately assumed that this woman was Hannah's mother.

He was right too.

"Ah, Harry," said Madam Bones "I'd like to introduce you to Sarah Abbott. She's a healer with the Auror department."

Harry took the healer's hand and bowed respectfully "A pleasure to meet you, Healer Abbott."

The woman laughed "Actually we have met before, Master Potter, though you will probably not remember it."

Harry raised a questioning eyebrow "You knew my parents?"

"Yes, I was a friend of your mother's at school. When she went into labour with you, the whole thing had to be kept as quiet as possible, and your mother insisted that I be there, even though I was only just a couple of weeks into my second year of training and had yet to learn anything of delivering babies."

As if sensing the question that Harry wanted to ask this woman, Madam Bones said "We were just discussing Sarah's absence from your life while you were growing up. It seems that Albus Dumbledore's manipulations run far deeper than we have previously had reason to suspect."

"Is that so?" Harry questioned, tilting his head to the side with an expression of curiosity.

"Yes," replied Healer Abbott "following your placement with your mother's wretched sister, myself and several others tried repeatedly to gain custody of you. Given how most of the Wizengamot was tied up in Death Eater trials, we continuously failed to get our case heard properly. In the end when we finally did get a proper case, Dumbledore pulled some strings to get his way and got us banned from seeing you. Well, except in an official capacity, which is why I am here today."

Harry blinked and asked "Excuse me?"

Madam Bones smiled at him and said "Harry, Healer Abbott has been unable to contact you due to a Wizengamot ruling. All methods of contacting you are closed. Any letter sent by you by owl delivery would not make it as the owl would simply become disoriented, and a letter send through the muggle postal system would simply get lost in the system and never make it to you. Trying to speak to you on one of those telephone things the muggles use would only result in the both of you hearing nothing but a continuous and high-pitched whistling sound. In fact were she to be standing right next to you on Platform 9 ¾, she would completely fail to recognise your presence. The only way she could possibly contact you would be in her official capacity as healer, and only then if it was deemed required."

Healer Abbott nodded and continued "Through your years at Hogwarts I have tried on several occasions to be allowed to give you a medical examination, purely to get to meet you and get to know you, but I have been constantly rebuffed by Dumbledore, who insists that Madam Pomfrey is more than capable of tending to any medical need you may have."

"But now," continued Madam Bones "with there being suspicion with regards to Dumbledore's behaviour and actions towards you, there is now reason to doubt Madam Pomfrey's care for you. That means that I can now request that Healer Abbott act in her official capacity and give you a proper medical examination."

Harry gave a thoughtful nod of his head "Circumventing the system?"

"Partly," replied the healer "But mostly out of genuine concern. Already I can see that you are far too skinny for my liking."

"So you want me to undergo a full medical examination?" Harry asked.

"Given the circumstances I would very much recommend it," replied Madam Bones "Given all that you informed me of yesterday, I believe to be wise to check yourself for any problems."

Harry gave another nod and said "Alright then. I don't suppose it could hurt to get myself checked out."

"Very well then," said Madam Bones "I must get to the Ministry. Harry, I will leave you in the capable hands of one of the best healers the Auror department has at its disposal."

Harry and Healer Abbott watched as Madam Bones left through the floo, and then turned to each other.

"Perhaps your room would be the best place to do this," suggested the Healer "I could examine you here on the kitchen table, but Susan and my daughter are both out in the garden and could walk in at any moment."

Harry gave a shrug and replied "Whatever you think is best, Healer Abbott."

She smiled at him and said "Call me Sarah, Harry. You would have had the world been fair."

Harry gave a nod of acceptance and turned to lead the way upstairs.



* * *



"…and then your mother nailed him with a boils hex," Sarah continued to explain, much to Harry's amusement "He had a massive one right between his eyes for about a week after that, as nothing the school nurse could do would get it to go down."

Harry chuckled in amusement, enjoying hearing of the riotous relationship between his mother and father during their fifth year at Hogwarts.

Sarah Abbott smiled at seeing Harry so happy to learn of his parents. It was nice to know that the son of her deceased friends liked to hear stories about his parents, and yet at the same time is was disconcerting to know that he had reached the age of fifteen and yet knew so little about them.

More disconcerting, however, were the results she was getting from her tests. Amelia had warned her about the scars on his back, but she hadn't truly believed it until she saw them for herself. Following that the first things she had tested were his bones. As she had suspected after seeing the scars, many of Harry's bones had breaks or fractures that had not healed properly. Also his bones had grown poorly in general. After that she had discovered his malnourishment.

She didn't know how frequently Harry went to the hospital wing at Hogwarts, but there were some serious questions to be asked, namely how had Poppy Pomfrey missed all this? A more serious question was had she actually missed it?

The healer moved her wand over Harry's torso, a white orb of light glowing on the tip of it. As the wand was moved over Harry's right arm, the orb turned red. She frowned.

"What happened there, Harry?" she asked "The spell is reading that your blood was drawn from that scar on your arm for use in a ritual."

Harry looked down at his arm, and his eyes darkened "That's because that is exactly what happened. Part of the ritual that brought Voldemort back to life involved the use of my blood."

Predictably Sarah flinched at the name of the self-styled Dark Lord but she quickly got over that part. For her the real shocker was what Harry said after that.

Her legs felt weak and she sat down on the edge of the bed so as to avoid collapsing.

"He's really back?" she asked in a weak voice.

Harry gave one slow nod.

She took and deep shuddering breath and then buried her face in her hands.

Harry sat up "You okay?"

Sarah shook her head "No, Harry, I'm not okay. That basted and his psychopath followers killed nearly everyone I cared about… your parents… my parents and sister… friends, family, colleagues…"

Harry sat there feeling incredibly awkward. He never knew what to do about crying women.

Sarah wiped her eyes and stood up "Well, no use crying about it. Let's finish getting you checked out."

She drew her wand again and waved it over Harry. Immediately she frowned and muttered "Well that's not right."

"What?" asked Harry.

"You're testing positive for a Compulsion Potion," replied the Healer. She waved her wand again and her frown deepened "And you've been receiving regular doses for years, though not for a few weeks."

She waved her wand in a slightly more intricate pattern "You're also under the influence of a loyalty potion, though it's wearing off."

Harry frowned in confusion "Why would it be wearing off?"

Sarah gave a shrug "Maybe they failed to get a dose to you."

Harry thought for a moment before realising something.

"My birthday," he exclaimed "My friends kept silent all throughout the holidays, and then send me a load of sweets and cakes for my birthday but I was so angry at them I threw the lot away."

"Do you frequently receive gifts like that during the summer?" asked Sarah.

"Yeah," replied Harry with a nod "But also I am usually at the Weasleys' House by this point in the summer."

"Then we may have the "how" of the situation," said Sarah "If it's alright with you I'd like to take a sample of your blood. Hopefully I'll be able to isolate the potion in the sample and then trace the magical signature back to the brewer and the person to whom the potions are keyed."

"If the Weasleys are supplying it then it's probably on Dumbledore's orders," said Harry "The potions are probably keyed to Dumbledore as well. And if that is the case, the brewer will probably be Snape."

Sarah nodded, a dark look on her face "I was at school with that guy. Never liked him… the way he used to look at your mum gave me the creeps…"

Harry cringed and asked "Did he fancy her?"

He was surprised to get a laugh in return "Harry, just about every bloke in the school fancied your mother. Whether the believed all that pure-blood dogma or not, no red-blooded male could deny that she was fanciable."

Harry frowned and asked "Is "fanciable" even a word?"

"Of course it is, I just used it. Now, let me draw a bit of blood."

Sarah summed a small glass ampoule with her wand, followed by a knife. Using the knife she made a small cut in Harry's forearm and then held the ampoule to the cut, allowing some of Harry's blood to fill it. She then closed and sealed the ampoule, put it in her pocket, healed the cut on Harry's arm and cleaned the remaining blood from his skin.

"Are we done?" asked Harry.

"Not yet," replied Sarah, banishing the knife "Just a few more tests."

The next few spells turned up nothing, but then she ran the tip of her wand over the lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead. What he spell detected caused her to yelp in surprise and drop her wand.

"What?" asked Harry.

"Your scar," she replied, sounding frightened "the scar on your forehead. There is something evil behind it. Something dark… very dark."

Harry raised his hand to his forehead and ran a finger across the slightly raised surface of the scar.

"Does it ever bother you?" asked Sarah.

Harry nodded and replied "Yeah, it hurts every now and again. Especially when Voldemort is near."

Sarah shook her head "That is something beyond my capabilities to deal with, Harry. We'll need to contact a specialist to look at that scar properly. That Dumbledore has done nothing about it all but confirms that you haven't been receiving the medical attention you require."

She walked over to the desk that stood to one side of the bedroom and conjured up a piece of parchment, a quill and a pot of black ink.

"I'm going to put you on a course of potions, Harry. The way your bones have grown needs correcting, as do quite a few badly healed fractures and breaks. You'll also need a good course of nutrient potions to take as supplements to a decent diet. The potions in your system will have completely worn off in about a week or so."

She banished the quill and ink and rolled up the parchment and turned back to Harry "I'll clear it with St Mungo's for you to get your potions, and I'll see a specialist about getting your scar looked at."

Harry gave a nod of thanks and they left the room.

Downstairs in the kitchen they discovered that Susan and Hannah were sitting at the kitchen table.

Almost instantly a sense of awkwardness filled the air.

Confused at the change in atmosphere, Sarah glanced towards her daughter and her friend before turning back to Harry and saying "I'll bring your first lot of potions around during my lunch break."

"Yeah, thanks," replied Harry.

Sarah made her way over to the fireplace.

Hannah got up from the table "Hang on, mum. I'll go with you."

"You don't need to leave on my account," said Harry, but Hannah just shook her head.

"No, it's fine. I'll see you later, Suz."

"Bye," Susan said to her friend, clearly not happy with the situation.

Harry gave a sigh as Hannah left. His relationship with Hufflepuff house as a whole had frequently been a turbulent one, and Hannah Abbott was one of the worst examples of that relationship.

Sarah disappeared through the floo as well, and suddenly Harry found himself alone with Susan Bones.

The two of them looked at each other without a clue as to what to say.

Finally Harry settled on leaving.

"Where are you going?" asked Susan.

"Up to my room," replied Harry "You shouldn't feel awkward in your own home."

"You don't have to," said Susan, but Harry waved her off and carried on out of the room.

Harry gave a heavy sigh as he climbed the staircase once again. He was grateful to Madam Bones for taking him in, but he got the sneaking suspicion that he would have been better off staying elsewhere. Hufflepuffs were second only to the Slytherins in having problems with Harry Potter, and both Susan and Hannah had been amongst those to badmouth Harry in his second and fourth years at Hogwarts. On both occasions Hannah had been worse than Susan, but that did not make Harry and more inclined to forgive the redhead for her behaviour.

Even though with both situations most Hufflepuffs, including Susan and Hannah, had come around to the truth, Harry had yet to meet an apologetic Hufflepuff, except for Ernie MacMillan, who had offered an awkward apology in second year after the truth had pretty much slapped him around the face.

Harry supposed that he could forgive second year, as there had been a bit of evidence, no matter how circumstantial, that he could have been the Heir of Slytherin who was terrorising the school at the time, and he supposed he could overlook the Hufflepuffs' anger towards him at the beginning of the Tri-Wizard tournament as, despite not entering himself in the tournament, his involvement did kind-of overshadow the participation of Cedric Diggory, a popular student in Hufflepuff house. However, Harry was not disposed to be so understanding when it came to those badges. Had a Hufflepuff come up with the badges, fine, but those badges were made by school bully Draco Malfoy for no other reason than to torment Harry. That the Hufflepuffs also paid Malfoy for the badges just made it worse. That, Harry decided, would require a proper apology.

Harry reached his room and pushed open the door. Two House Elves were inside.

"Young Master," exclaimed one of the Elves "We is bringing your things from the home of your not magic family. We is testing it all for tracking spells and is taking them and putting them all on the bed at your not magic family's home."

"Great, thanks," said Harry, taking a seat on the bed "So which items had tracking charms on them?"

"Everything is having them, sir," replied the Elf.

"I don't suppose that there was any sign of my owl, Hedwig?" Harry asked.

The Elf shook his head sadly "No sir, we is seeing no owl. Only owl's cage."

Harry sighed and slumped back on the bed.

"Sir missed breakfast," said the second Elf "Would he be liking a snack?"

Harry felt his stomach growl and smiled ruefully. Now that he thought about it, apart from a couple of scones early yesterday afternoon he hadn't had a meal since breakfast the day before. And the few scraps he could get at the Dursleys' could hardly be counted as a proper meal.

"Sure," he replied "Could I get a sandwich?"

"Of course, young sir," replied the Elf "How will sir be taking his sandwich?"

"Ham, cheddar, lettuce and tomato on wholemeal bread please," requested Harry "Oh, and can I have a goblet of pumpkin juice as well?"

In answer the two House Elves both bowed low and then disappeared with simultaneous pops.

Harry leaned over to his trunk, opened it and took out his Defence Against the Dark Arts Textbook from the previous school year. He then swung his legs up onto the bed and began to read. His concentration was interrupted a couple of minutes later when one of the House Elves appeared to place a plate containing his sandwich and a goblet of pumpkin juice on top of the bedside table before vanishing once again.

Harry continued to read for the rest of the morning, revising the defence material he had gone over during the previous school year. At around half-past one, one of the House Elves came back to inform Harry that Healer Abbott had come back from collecting the potions that she wanted him to take.

Downstairs in the kitchen Harry was relieved to discover that Susan was absent.

"What have you got for me?" he asked, approaching the healer.

She handed him several phials of different coloured liquids.

"The green and purple ones are nutrient potions. Take a mouthful of each with breakfast, lunch and dinner. The blue one will help your poorly grown bones to correct themselves and the red one will heal your old breaks and fractures properly and the pink ones will reduce the appearance of most of your scars. Take a mouthful of each of those three potions before going to bed each night, along with two mouthfuls of the clear one which will prevent those three potions causing you pain."

Harry looked down at the collection of phials in his arms and then looked back up at the healer and asked "Any chance you could write all that down?"

With a roll of her eyes she again used her wand to conjure up an ink pot, a quill and a sheaf of parchment to begin writing out her instructions.

As she wrote she continued to speak "I managed to contact a specialist in dealing with dark magic. So long as Amelia consents to it, he'll be over tomorrow afternoon to take a proper look at that scar on your forehead."

"Alright," replied Harry "Does this guy have a name?"

"Cyrus Greengrass."

Harry's eyes widened in surprise. "Greengrass?" he asked

"Yeah, why? Is that a problem?"

"Well, aren't his family a bit… you know…"

"What?"

"Well… dark?"

"No, Harry. The Greengrass family is not now, nor has it ever been considered a dark family. What on earth made you think that?"

"Well, Daphne Greengrass is in my year at Hogwarts, and she's a Slytherin."

Sarah rolled up the piece of parchment and whacked Harry in the head with it "You need to stop thinking things like that Mr Potter. Just because someone is in the house of the serpents doesn't mean they are evil."

Harry shifted uncomfortably before commenting "Alright, so I don't really know whether or not that family is a dark one, but she is a bully."

"Is she?"

"Yeah. She's in Pansy Parkinson's gang. Pansy bullies, Daphne and the others laugh."

"And have you ever witnessed Daphne bullying without Pansy around?"

Harry thought for a moment before giving a shake of his head "No."

"Then there might be more to Daphne Greengrass than you think. The Parkinsons on the other hand, now that is a family to be careful around."

Sarah picked up her bag and made her way back towards the fireplace. Once there, she stopped and turned around to face Harry again.

"Is there any reason my daughter cannot stand to be in the same building as you?"

Harry shrugged "That is a complicated story, but the basics of it is that there are frequent rumours about me at Hogwarts. Your daughter is one of the worst of the Hufflepuffs for believing the rumour mill, despite who frequently the rumour mill is proved wrong."

Sarah nodded "I'll have a word with her. I must say I really don't like the idea of you two not getting along."

"Why?" asked Harry.

"Isn't it obvious, Harry? Had the Wizengamot ruled in favour of taking you away from your mother's sister, I was one of the leading candidates to take you in. You and Hannah would have grown up like brother and sister."

She offered him a reassuring smile and then exited through the floo network, leaving Harry behind with a thoughtful look on his face.

He would have liked to have had a sister whilst growing up.

Harry gathered up his potions and headed back upstairs, thinking on the unfairness of his childhood, wondering how many other people had the right to have raised him, and wondering if he had been as discriminating towards Daphne Greengrass as he suspected her of being towards Muggleborns.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? I hope I explained how Sarah Abbott wasn't a part of Harry's life in a satisfactory manner. Rather than be imprisoned like Sirius and warned off like Remus she was punished by the Dumbledore-run Wizengamot for pursuing her right to claim custody of Harry. Anyway, there it is, the mandatory "check Harry's health" part of the story. I will state here and now that I will not be doing the "long-winded shopping trip" bit until much later. The usual "Lord Potter" bit will be touched upon, but Harry will not claim it immediately as he needs to play an entirely different game for the moment. He will be aware of it, however.

Next chapter will see Harry's scar get looked at properly, and we will learn what Amelia's been up to, as well as a hint of Fudge's plans.





*Chapter 4*: The Darkness Within


			Still can't believe the response that this story is getting! Thanks to every who takes the time to read and review; your feedback is very much appreciated.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 4: The Darkness Within

That evening, Harry's reading was once again interrupted by one of the House Elves, who invited him down to dinner.

"If Susan's down there then it would probably be better if I take dinner in here," replied Harry.

"But young sir, Mistress Amelia was most insistent that you join her and young Miss Susie," replied the House Elf.

With a resigned sigh, Harry placed his book down upon the bedside table and got up from his lying position on the bed. He made his way downstairs and to the kitchen where Madam Bones and Susan were both already seated at the dinner table.

Seeing as there was only one other place set up at the table, Harry settled himself down in the seat and a moment later food appeared upon the plate, a combination of slow roasted beef, roasted potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, boiled carrots, green beans and mashed swede. Having not eaten since his earlier sandwich, and before then not had a proper meal since then end of the summer term at Hogwarts a month and a half previously, Harry tucked in with gusto, doing his best to ignore the silent atmosphere that resulted from both he and Susan being once again in the same room together.

Eventually, however, the awkwardness in the air robbed Harry of his appetite, and he soon found himself just pushing his food around the plate with his fork, mostly waiting for any hint that he had sat at the table long enough to be polite.

Had he looked up, he would have seen that Susan was behaving in much the same way.

Also missed by Harry was the subtle look that Madam Bones gave to her niece that signalled that she wished to speak with Harry privately.

Harry looked up as Susan's chair moved back and he watched as she left the room.

Madam Bones turned her attention to Harry and asked "Are you aware that you were being followed when you were at the Ministry yesterday?"

"What?" asked Harry, surprised by the revelation "No, but… Hang on. Just before I was called into the courtroom, I heard the sound of footsteps. I couldn't see anyone, so they must have been invisible, but who-"

"An Auror of mine, Nymphadora Tonks," replied Madam Bones "I discovered her lurking outside of Courtroom 10 as we were leaving the trial. She was hiding under an invisibility cloak."

Harry's eyes widened in realisation "So is that the "quick bit of business" you had to deal with before that talk between us the Minister?"

"That's correct. As a junior Auror who had absolutely nothing to do with the case, she had no reason to be anywhere near those courtrooms. As the director of her department, I was able to easily take her in to ask her a few questions. I was unhappy to learn that she was there upon Dumbledore's request."

Harry's expression darkened "So the wrinkled old git can't be bothered to turn up and help me out, but instead sends one of his pawns to discover just how things went?"

Madam Bones gave a nod and said "It certainly seems that way. I was rather disconcerted to find that Miss Tonks seemed to feel that her acting on Dumbledore's behalf was somehow an acceptable practice and therefore exempt from the usual rules. The law says differently and she is currently locked up in a cell that only the highest ranking of Aurors have the ability to unlock."

"So you think that your department have become compromised then?" asked Harry "Not counting this Tonks person of course."

"It is almost certain," replied Madam Bones "Albus Dumbledore has a level of influence that stretches far and wide. There are likely to be many people within not just my department but the Ministry as a whole, along with the Wizengamot itself that report to Dumbledore, and I am sure that although Tonks was the one sent to trail you, many others would have been keeping an eye out for you."

"Does he know I am here?" asked Harry.

Madam Bones gave a shrug "I honestly don't know. You were probably seen being taken to the Minister's office, and I suspect that it was noticed that I joined the two of you there. Because you left the Minister's office by his own secure floo connection it will most certainly be unclear where you went, though this house would definitely be a more likely guess than most. I can, however, say for certain that Dumbledore knows that you did not return to the home of your relatives in Surrey after yesterday's events."

"What makes you so sure?" questioned Harry.

"The House Elves who went to pick up your things reported that a wizard under an invisibility cloak was loitering outside the house. That man was Sturgis Podmore, a man known to be loyal to Dumbledore. Podmore has since left his post and was replaced a sorry excuse for a wizard called Mundungus Fletcher, who has a strong reputation for being a petty thief who owes Dumbledore a couple of favours. Podmore has likely reported that you did not return to the home of your relatives during his watch, and Fletcher will end up reporting the same."

Harry scowled and asked "Please tell me you can do something about these people?"

"I can get them for loitering in a muggle area," replied Madam Bones "That your family lives there can be used to bolster the charges against them. For security reasons the location of your home is supposed to be known to very few. I am one of those who have been permitted to know, and even then it was only once you started at Hogwarts. That these two seemingly random individuals have been detected so close to your home, and remained there for a long time, is more than enough to call their intentions into question. "

Harry nodded, but then frowned again and said "Hang on, if the location of my relatives' home is meant to be kept a secret, why was it read out before the entire Wizengamot in that courtroom yesterday?"

Madam Bones smiled at him and answered "That is the beauty of magic. It can alter many things. Your address may well have been read out in that courtroom for confirmation reasons, but every person in that room who did not already know your address forgot it as they passed through the doorway as they left. And had any of them written it down, they will have found the ink used to be smudged and indecipherable, with no spell able to put it right. We do like to keep a tight security."

Harry was very tempted to mention Dementors, Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup and his name being entered into the Goblet of Fire, but decided to leave it. Instead he asked "So what's going to happen to Tonks?"

"She'll be let go," replied Madam Bones "Had she been down at the courtrooms for a valid reason, such as trying to find me to alert me to an emergency, then there would be no problem. Had she been there by mistake or just gone for a little wander, then she would have received a warning. However she was following the orders of someone else, someone whose intentions towards you are currently in question. I will not have someone like that in my department. It's bad enough having sycophants like Dawlish who obey the every whim of the Minister without having Dumbledore's lackeys playing by his agenda as well."

Harry gave a nod of understanding, but couldn't help but feel a little bad that Dumbledore's manipulations had now cost the young Auror something she had worked so hard to obtain. But then Harry was quickly coming to realise that that was how the great Albus Dumbledore worked: he turns people into his puppets and pulls their strings from behind the scenes, and then lets them take the blame for the actions he commanded them to perform when everything goes wrong, allowing himself to come out smelling of roses. That he would then later rescue the person he had abandoned usually made them feel even more indebted to him.



* * *



The next morning Harry once again found himself lying on his bed as a wand was waved about above him.

Cyrus Greengrass was a short and stocky man of about forty with sandy blond hair that was already greying heavily. Harry didn't know Daphne Greengrass all that well, but it was safe to say that she had inherited little of her appearance from her father.

"So what do you think?" asked Sarah Abbott, who had arrived with Greengrass.

"Well, I can confirm that your analysis of the scar on his arm is correct," replied Greengrass "the wound was made in order to draw blood for use in a dark ritual. However, you appear to have missed another scar on that arm, though it is understandable as the wound was clearly healed by the tears of a phoenix. That wound appears to have been made by the fang of a particularly large basilisk, and the poison was in his system for at least thirty seconds before the phoenix tears effectively neutralised it. There is also a wound on his leg, again healed by the tears of a phoenix, though this one appeared to have been caused by the bite of an Acromantula?"

He looked to Harry asking for confirmation. Harry gave a nod to signal that the man was correct on all counts.

"And the scar on his forehead?" asked Sarah.

Greengrass frowned and replied "I am not entirely sure. There is something dark to it, no doubt about it, but… Whatever it is, it doesn't belong. It's almost like a separate entity has attached itself to young Mr Potter."

Harry frowned and asked "You mean like some sort of parasite?"

"Yes and no," replied Greengrass "This thing is no mere creature that has burrowed itself beneath your skin to feed on your blood. On some level, it is like you are being possessed by another person, and yet clearly you aren't. This thing is just there, almost like someone tried to possess you, but they were killed and the part of them possessing you was cut off from the rest and remained within you, unable to do anything other than continue to exist by drawing strength from you."

"You mean it's like someone left a piece of their mind within mine?" asked Harry.

"Perhaps," replied Greengrass "though I would be more inclined to say it was a part of their soul."

Harry balked at that and said "Dumbledore told me that the scar was all that I was left with after Voldemort's attack. Do you think that it is a part of him that is in me?"

"That is more than likely, especially when you take into consideration just how evil it seems. Has it ever influenced you in any way?"

Harry thought for a few moments before replying "Well, the scar hurts whenever Voldemort is feeling a strong emotion, usually anger, or when he is near to me. Like when I was in the graveyard with him that night. The pain was so strong that I thought that my head might split apart."

"Anything else?" asked Greengrass "Do his emotions affect you in anyway?"

"Not really," answered Harry "sometimes I get visions of what he's up to, usually when I am sleep. And I have woken up feeling very angry a couple of times, though it goes away very quickly. And I've woken up laughing a few times, though I don't actually feel happy myself."

Greengrass gave him a look of intense interest and asked "How often do these visions occur?"

"Not often," said Harry "like with the scar hurting it only happens when he's feeling a very strong emotion."

"And how do you see things in these visions? Are they from his point of view?"

"Yes. It's like I'm seeing things through his eyes. But I don't think he knows it happens. If he knew, the visions would happen more often, as he would use them to purposefully torture me."

"Then we'd better take steps to make sure he never finds out," said Greengrass "I need to research this subject more intensely, but the very fact that you can and have been influenced by this thing tells me that you need to block its access to your mind."

He went over to the briefcase he had brought with him and opened it up. From within he took a book with a cover that was wrapped in a white fabric. He handed it to Harry, who saw that there were golden letters on the front that read "Basic Occlumency: The Beginner's Guide to Protecting Your Mind."

"Protecting my mind?" asked Harry.

"Yes," replied Greengrass "Usually it is used to protect yourself from those trying to control your mind through the use of the skill known as Legilimency. However, I am sure that it should help in protecting yourself from this thing until we can find a way to rid you of it permanently. Now, I'm not going to suggest that you will be able to completely block it from influencing your mind, but hopefully the use of occlumency should at the very least reduce the effects of that influence."

He zipped up his briefcase again and picked it up "I have everything I need to continue researching this matter. Mr Potter, I want you to read the first two chapters of that book and begin practicing the techniques that are discussed within them. If you are stuck or don't understand something, I'm sure either Madam Bones or Healer Abbott will be able to help you out as their respective professions require the both of them to have some degree of competency in occlumency. In a week's time, I will come back and use a gentle bit legilimency to see how far you have come in protecting your mind. If you have made sufficient progress, we will begin working through the rest of that book in order to build up your levels of protection, okay?"

"That's fine," replied Harry with a nod.

Greengrass left, with Madam Bones following on to show him out. Sarah remained behind.

Out in the hall, Amelia grabbed the man by his arm and said in a low voice "Just after arriving here, Harry told me a little bit about the events at the end of his second year at Hogwarts. He mentioned that a bewitched diary was influencing the mind of a student, causing her to set Slytherin's fabled monster upon the school."

Cyrus frowned "It is highly unusual for an item to possess someone, but what does that have to do with this?"

"Harry claims that the diary belonged to a certain Tom Marvolo Riddle when he was sixteen years old."

Cyrus' eyebrows rose "Now that is interesting. Where is the diary now?"

"Apparently Mr Potter destroyed it with a fang from the Basilisk that was responsible for all those students being petrified," replied Amelia "According to him the diary's hold on the student it was possessing was so strong that an image of Tom was able to emerge from the diary walk around and talk to Harry. The more time passed the more solid the image became."

"Merlin's beard!" exclaimed Greengrass "I guess we were lucky Mr Potter was on hand to destroy the thing before it was too late. I'd have liked to have gotten a good look at the thing though."

"Are the diary and the scar related?"

"Almost certainly."

"And do you have any real idea as to what they might be?"

"Oh, I have an idea alright. And no one is going to like it. But just let me confirm the theory for certain first, alright?"

Amelia nodded and sent Cyrus on his way.



* * *



Harry was sitting on his bed with his legs crossed and his hands resting in his lap. The book on occlumency was lying open beside him, but he was paying it no mind. He had read the first two chapters as Greengrass had requested and understood the basics, though he had had to ask for help from Madam Bones and Sarah on a couple of occasions.

Two whole days had passed since Cyrus Greengrass had recommended Harry begin studying the art of occlumency, and Harry was now making his next attempt as calming himself enough to enter his mindscape.

According to the book, before you could to anything else to protect your mind, you had to learn to pull all your thoughts, feelings and memories to a central point, thus enabling you to pull them away from a potential attacker.

To do this required practice in the field of meditation. Only by learning to calm yourself could you gain the necessary control of yourself required to being protecting your mind.

Late into the previous day Harry had made five attempts at this before giving up. Going back to the book he had discovered that each time he failed he had gotten a little more frustrated with himself. And the more frustrated he got with himself, the greater the chances were that he would fail.

So he had given up for the evening, and had just spent his time relaxing. The next morning he had made four more attempts, each one ending in failure. Again the cause was himself getting frustrated at his repeated failure (although admittedly the first attempt had been interrupted by that thrush singing in the tree outside his window.)

Now it was the afternoon and Harry was trying once again.

As the book required, he was sitting comfortably, his eyes were closed, his breathing was calm and even, and he was doing his best to block out everything around him.

Somewhere outside a Rook began caw several times, but Harry's ears barely heard it. He ignored the sound as he was ignoring everything else. A wave of peacefulness had come over him, and that was all that he had intended to do for now. However, when he opened his eyes, he was not sitting comfortably on the bed in his room at the Bones family house anymore.

In fact, although he was still in a sitting position, Harry was not actually sitting on anything. He was, in fact, floating. Immediately around him, things were lit up and visible. However the further away things were, the more they were obscured by darkness.

Harry himself appeared to be the source of light, although one look down at himself proved that he was not glowing or anything.

All around him, and in every direction for as far as he could see, there were scattered a great array of what appeared to be crystal balls, only they were all different sizes, with the largest being about three feet in diameter, and the smallest about an inch.

There were a lot more of the smaller ones, and the largest ones seemed to be scattered the furthest apart.

One of the larger ones was near to Harry and he approached it. As he watched what appeared to be a white mist swirling within thinned out and parted, and Harry found himself watching the events of the reptile house at Chessington Zoo.

Harry could not help but smile as the boa constrictor he had helped to escape snapped playfully at the feet of his cousin Dudley, and Dudley's friend Piers Polkiss. There really was something immensely satisfying about seeing two of your childhood tormentors receive a little payback.

Harry stepped away from the memory and saw that one of the smallest of the spheres was nearby. He reached out and picked it up. He did not see a memory this time, but he distinctly heard his own voice say "Stupid greasy git," which he quite rightly assumed then that this sphere contained a thought the he had had rather than a memory of an event he had experienced.

Harry began to move around, checking the different spheres for what they contained. It turned out that the smallest spheres, the ones below a foot across in size, were thoughts, their individual sizes a reference to how long the thought was. Above a foot in size and the spheres contained memories. Again differing sizes represented the differing lengths of each memory.

Harry found that by trying to think of the events that occurred immediately after one of his memories caused that sphere to come to him. In this way he was able to piece together certain events. For example, his first trip to Diagon Alley, the wizards shopping district in London, was not just contained in one sphere. Each shop he went into had its own memory sphere, with the events in between occupying slightly smaller spheres. There was a large sphere for his first time in The Leaky Cauldron. This was followed by a smaller sphere containing the memory of the little area behind the pub that held the entrance to Diagon Alley. Naturally his first walk along the alley towards the bank was a large memory, and his time in the bank was a large one to. The small conversation with Hagrid outside the bank was a smaller sphere, and his visit to Madam Malkins was a larger memory, with the following walk towards Flourish and Blott's was a little smaller, but not by much as it contained a long conversation with Hagrid. And on it went in that fashion.

Also Harry found that the spheres could alter themselves and split apart. In this way, if he wanted to remember his first meeting with school bully Draco Malfoy, that part would break off from the rest of the "First Trip to Madam Malkins'" sphere and become its own separate sphere. In this way Harry could watch his first meeting with Draco without having to watch the rest of his visit to the wizarding clothes shop.

As Harry continued to make his way further away from his starting point however, it slowly began to dawn on him that the memories and thoughts surrounding him were getting less and less pleasant. In other words, they were memories and thoughts he had been trying to push away and forget about, for years in some cases.

He came across one where his six year old self was forced to desperately scramble up a tree in order to get away from the pointed teeth of Marge Dursley's dog, Ripper. The rest of his so called "family" were laughing in the background.

Another memory showed himself being pushed violently down into a pile of mud by Dudley and Piers. Dudley then stomped on Harry's glasses to break them as Piers delivered a kick to Harry's stomach, causing him to be sick. The memory ended with Dudley and Piers hurrying off laughing uproariously as Harry lay winded in a mixed pool of mud and his own vomit.

Unbidden by Harry came the smaller memory containing his struggle to get home before he was locked out. This was followed by the memory of what happened once he was inside the house. Aunt Petunia screaming at him for daring to come home all muddy and then proceeding to make her disapproval absolutely clear by throwing a saucer she had been washing at him. The memory ended as the saucer smashed apart against Harry's forehead, knocking him out.

Harry pulled away from those memories before more had a chance to join the chain.

He was suddenly aware of an intense desire to wake up. He had done what he had intended and found his way into his mindscape. Now he needed to get out.

He began to move, looking for the middle point again and hoping that once there he would be able to leave. But he quickly found himself going the wrong way; the faint memory of his mother begging Voldemort to spare her son in the last seconds before he murdered her told Harry that much.

He changed direction, but that way appeared to be wrong as well, as a memory in that direction showed the Dementor that attacked him on the Hogwarts Express before the start of his third year at the school. Naturally that memory led to the one of his mother begging for mercy from Voldemort coming forward again.

Harry pulled himself away and stumbled backwards, right into a thought sphere that contained a line of thought he had one evening recently when he was blaming himself for the death of Cedric Diggory.

Harry wrenched himself away from the through and began to run. Given how there were spheres both above and below him as well as around him, Harry began to wonder if perhaps his starting position had been in one of those directions. Had he been walking up a gradual slope and not realised? When the memories began to form lines the spheres appeared to move towards him, but what if he had been moved towards them without his realising it? Had he been dragged slowly downwards?

"Hhhhhaaaaarrrrrrrryyyyyyy."

He froze, his eyes wide and his breaths coming in a fearful pant. He knew that voice, even if it was weak. But why would it be here? He hadn't touched a memory, so why would he hear it?

The answer came to him. Every single sphere rushed past him, vanishing into the inky blackness in the distance behind him. For a moment Harry was surrounded by nothingness. Complete and absolute nothingness.

And then it came from the shadows.

It was small in size, and appeared rather infant like. But there was no mistaking what it was. Harry had last seen something like this being dumped into a bubbling cauldron in the graveyard of Little Hangleton a little under two months ago. However, the two were not exactly the name. Though the one in the graveyard had been creepy, this one was covered in a thick red slime that may well have been half-dried blood.

Harry tried to back away, but the thing kept coming for him, bounding along on all fours like a dog.

Harry stopped, and a moment later so did the thing. It was less than six feet from him.

It raised his head and Harry saw its evil, snakelike face, red eyes and twisted mouth.

"Harry Potter," it snarled in the same cold voice that had attempted to murder him so many times.

"I have seen your heart, and it is MINE!"

Without warning the thing sprang at him. Harry tried to fight it off, but he felt its long, grasping fingers slip around his throat.

It was trying to choke him.

Everything began to fade as Harry felt himself falling backwards and down… down… down…

'No, not Harry. Please, not Harry. Have mercy.'

'Kill the spare!'

'… and servant and master shall be reunited once more…'

'You're nothing but a worthless, good for nothing freak!'

'… See what I have become? See what I must do to survive?'

'There's Potter, the cheat…'

'He's a parselmouth, everyone knows they're evil…'

'Pettigrew escaped…'

'…maybe I am the heir of Slytherin…'

'… and the blood of the enemy, forcibly taken. You will resurrect your foe.'

'…And I am now going to prove my power by killing him, here and now, in front of you all, when there is no Dumbledore to help him, and no mother to die for him…'

'…bow to death, Harry…'

'Harry, wake up…'



* * *



"Come on Harry, you need to wake up now. Just follow the sound of my voice."

"Is he responding?" asked Amelia, raising her voice to make herself heard over the frantic screams that were coming from the person on the bed.

"Signs are good," replied Cyrus "And he's stopped thrashing about. Keep it up Sarah."

"Keep following my voice Harry," Sarah continued, caressing her hand gently over his forehead, though carefully so as to avoid the scar that had turned an angry red "Come on now. It's time to wake up."

Finally Harry's screams ended, and his emerald eyes fluttered open, to find that he was lying on his back.

Sarah Abbott was smiling down at him, though she had tears in her eyes that showed that she had been very worried "Welcome back, Harry."

Shakily Harry pushed himself up into a sitting position, and Sarah helped him to move back to sit against the pillows and the headboard of the bed.

Harry could feel himself shaking all over. Sweat was running off of him, with his clothes and the bed sheets soaked in the stuff. His throat hurt badly as well. Had there been a mirror nearby he would have seen that he was extremely pale.

"What happened?" he asked, his voice croaky.

"We were going to ask you that," replied Madam Bones "You started screaming about an hour ago, and we've only just been able to wake you up."

"So, what was it Harry?" asked Greengrass "What is it that you saw in your mind."

Harry swallowed, through it was uncomfortable as his mouth was very dry. A moment later he summoned up the courage to reply.

"Voldemort. It was Voldemort. I encountered the part of him that lives within me."

At that there was a gasp from over by the door. All eyes turned just in time to see Susan disappear from the slight gap left open between the door and the frame.

Madam Bones got up and went to deal with her eavesdropping niece.

Sarah and Greengrass both turned their attentions back to Harry.

"So you encountered Voldemort in your mind?" asked Greengrass "What happened then."

"He attacked me," replied Harry, his voice now becoming oddly hollow "he tried to kill me. And I was forced to relive some of my worst memories…" he trailed off looking, for lack of a better word, lost.

"All the more reason to get that thing out of you then," replied Greengrass.



* * *



"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-" Susan protested.

"Some of the worst things imaginable have been done by those who "didn't mean to,"" replied Amelia "In future when I ask you to stay out of the way I expect you to do so."

"Fine, but it's hard ignore that amount of screaming in your own home," retorted Susan.

Amelia sighed and replied "I know it is. But Harry was probably embarrassed enough without you seeing him in that state as well."

"What's wrong with him?" asked Susan.

"Too much," replied Amelia "Though most of that either stems from people poking their nose in where it does not belong, or ignoring things for far too long."

"That's why he's here, isn't it?" asked Susan "You want to help him?"

"It's time someone did," answered Amelia "For now though, I need one thing from you."

Susan gave a nod of understanding. What with her living with the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, this wasn't the first time she had been subjected to something she should not have either seen or heard.

She drew her wand, held it straight up before her and proclaimed "I, Susan Amelia Bones to hereby swear to not reveal any knowledge about Harry Potter that I have learnt in the past hour."

There was a glow that surrounded her before quickly fading out. Amelia gave a satisfied nod and told Susan to head up to bed. Thankfully she had already squared it with the Ministry so that her niece could use her wand to swear an oath of silence on any given matter. This way secrets were kept, and the Ministry did not waste time sending out owls.

She returned to Harry's room to find both Sarah and Cyrus leaving it.

"He's fallen asleep," explained Sarah "I've cast a warning charm around his bed, which will awaken him should he start having nightmares."

"Thank you," replied Amelia "Both of you. You didn't have to come on such short notice."

"Glad we could help," replied Cyrus "I'm just happy we didn't have to resort to drastic measures."

Amelia knew that he was referring to the collection of strange instruments he had brought with him.

"Should I have him continue his occlumency training?" she asked.

"No," replied Cyrus "It's probably for the best that he stays away from that thing in his scar until we know exactly what it is and, preferably, get rid of it."

Amelia nodded in understanding, and bade her two guests' goodnight.

As the pair made their way downstairs to use the floo in the kitchen to return to the respective homes, Amelia pushed open the door to Harry's room.

He was sleeping soundlessly, wrapped in sheets that one of the House Elves must have provided, and he had either changed into his pyjamas or Sarah had dried the clothes he had already been wearing and then transfigured them into appropriate bed wear.

She closed the door and began to make her way to her own room, all the while hoping that whatever that thing in Harry's scar turned out to be, there would be an easy and pain free way to get rid of it. Unfortunately bitter experience told her that life rarely worked out that way.



* * *



Many miles away, Lord Voldemort was glad that he had instructed all his minions, devoted or otherwise, to leave him for the evening. It would not have done to collapse in pain like that in front of those bloody-minded sycophants.

With a groan he pulled himself off the floor and slumped back into his black throne-like chair. For the first time in a long time he felt vulnerable, and that was a feeling that Lord Voldemort did not like. He did not like it in the slightest.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? Did the way I explained Harry's mindscape make sense? It did to me.





*Chapter 5*: Potters and Plotters


			Sorry this has taken so long. Enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 5: Potters and Plotters

The following morning Harry made his way cautiously downstairs. He remembered the incident the night before, and felt rather embarrassed by it. Really he knew that he had nothing to be embarrassed about, but something about waking up screaming just did not sit well with the fifteen year old wizard. Well, it wasn't exactly macho was it?

Down in the kitchen, Harry found that only Susan was at the breakfast table.

She looked up as he entered and gave him a smile, followed by a bright "Morning."

Such behaviour immediately put Harry slightly on edge. So far during his stay, he and Susan had barely said anything to each other, far less exchange early morning pleasantries. Almost immediately he realised that she must have heard what had happened the previous evening and was now pretending like nothing had happened. The trouble was, it had happened, and that just make Harry feel worse.

Deciding to bite the bullet, Harry forced a grin onto his face and replied "Morning. Where's your Aunt?"

"At the office," replied Susan "She had to leave early."

"Right," he replied, and then his mind drew a blank as to what to say next. Finally he settled on "Well, I'll just gave some breakfast and then get out of your way-"

"Oh, you don't have to," responded Susan "Come on, you've been here for a few days now, and it seems like you'll be staying here the rest of the summer. We might as well get used to being in the same room as each other."

Harry blew out a breath and conceded "Yeah, you're right. We might as well get used to it."

He took a seat at the table sitting opposite from Susan and immediately a plate appeared in front of him, courtesy of the House Elves, containing three rashers of bacon, two fried eggs and two slices of toast.

Harry finished two rashers of bacon, an egg and a slice of toast before looking up and Susan and asking "So… used to it yet?"

She smiled slightly but shook her head in the negative.

"Yeah, me neither," replied Harry, twirling a few bacon rinds around with his fork.

He gave a sigh and commented, mostly to himself "Should probably get out of that habit…"

Susan looked up and asked "What habit?"

Surprised at the question, Harry took a moment before replying "I usually save the bacon rinds for Hedwig, but she's not here."

"Where is she?" Susan asked.

Harry bit his lip before replying "I don't know. I sent her to deliver a letter to a friend, but she never came back."

Susan frowned and commented "Well that is strange. It's not like a post owl to not return home. Even if injured, a post owl has just enough magic about it to find its way home."

Harry tilted his head to the side and asked "Owls have magic?"

"Those bred to be delivery owls do," replied Susan "How else would an owl know where to go if it is being sent to deliver a letter to a place where it has not been before?"

"Their magic enhances their navigation capabilities?" asked Harry.

Susan nodded and replied "Of course. They also project a slight aura, invisible to the eye of most people, which ensures that they don't get attacked by things such as foxes, cats, dogs, eagles, buzzards and the like. Even magical creatures like a dragon or griffin will leave them alone."

"Huh," said Harry thoughtfully, leaning back in his chair "I never knew that. So the only thing that can harm a post owl would be…?"

"Bad weather usually only ruffles them," replied Susan "But they can still have accidents. But the biggest threat would be-"

"A person," Harry finished for her "Well, that doesn't bode well for Hedwig."

"Did your friend get the letter?" asked Susan "If they did, it might help you tell what happened."

"No idea," replied Harry "I haven't been able to communicate with anyone since."

"Could you not have borrowed Ron's owl?"

Harry hesitated for a moment before deciding to tell her the truth "Ron and Hermione seem to have abandoned me this summer. It was Hermione that I had sent Hedwig to. Neither of them had replied to any previous letters, and then one time Hedwig just didn't come back."

Susan scowled, clearly not liking the sound of that "Well from that it sounds like Hermione might be keeping Hedwig locked up. But why would-"

"It fits, actually," replied Harry "Ron, Hermione and a couple of others, including Professor Dumbledore, have all stopped communicating with me. Locking up Hedwig would be a good way to put an end to my attempts to contact them."

"You make it sound like someone has put a communication block on you," commented Susan.

"It certainly seems that way," replied Harry "Dumbledore stepped in so far as to get me a trial, but apart from that, I've been abandoned. No letters, no support for the trial, nothing. Everyone I thought I could contact and confide in appears to have just dropped me."

"No one came to help?" asked Susan, sounding incredulous "Aunt Amelia mentioned that your trial went before the Wizengamot and that was bad enough. Was there no one to speak in your defence?"

"No one," replied Harry. Although the trail was a depressing subject, and although he and Susan had not had always seen eye to eye, it was nice to see her getting indignant on his behalf.

Susan blew out an annoyed huff and muttered "Well, if that's the way society's going… Many decent wizards and witches would be turning in their graves if they knew this."

Harry frowned and asked "Why?"

Susan looked up at him with a look of surprise on her face "Seriously? You're asking me that?"

"What?" asked Harry.

"You really don't know?"

"Know what?"

"Harry the Potter family is one of the oldest in the magical world, and I mean globally. They're one of the most successful wizarding families in history. They were always guardians of the light and up until three generations ago they were among those that wizards looked to for guidance. That one of their descendants could be treated as you have been by the Ministry would have seen riots in the past. I mean some of your ancestors were a bit dodgy, every family has a couple of bad eggs, but to put a Potter on trial without a defendant? I'll bet those blasted Malfoy's got a real kick out of that."

Harry stared at her with a blank expression on his face for a few moments before shaking his head and saying "Sorry Susan, I barely understood any of that."

"Harry, I'm talking about history. Your history," replied Susan "The history of your family."

"Oh," muttered Harry "Well, I don't know anything about that to be honest."

"No one has told you anything?" asked Susan.

"You mean beyond a few stories of my parents' schooldays?" asked Harry, to which Susan shook her head "Then no," finished Harry.

Susan shook her head sadly and commented "Well, I don't know too much about your family in general, but I could tell you bits and pieces about the general history of your family, and those few members who married into my family."

Harry smiled at her and replied "I'd like that."

Susan stood up from her chair and led Harry from the kitchen to the staircase and all the family portraits that hung on the wall there.

"Well, let's see…" began Susan, her eyes scanning the portraits "Which ones do I know about… Ah."

She pointed to an elderly looking wizard who had lived between 1770 and 1878 "That's Alfred Potter. He and his brother-in-law Jeremiah Bones joined up with Alexander Parkinson and started up a brewery for wizarding drinks. There were several other breweries at the time, such as the one owned by the Ogden family which specialised in brewing their own brand of fire whiskey. Alfred Jeremiah and Alexander were able to compete due to their research into muggle confectionary."

"Our ancestors went into business with the Parkinson family?" Harry questioned.

"Oh yes," replied Susan "Actually Alexander Parkinson was the son of Victoria Meadowes and her Muggleborn husband Richard Parkinson. Richard Parkinson's muggle family contained a few members who specialised in the making and selling of confectionary. Amongst their creations was butterscotch. Alexander than took this and, working with Alfred and Jeremiah, created that oh so addictive wizarding drink Butterbeer."

"Well I'll be damned," said Harry, impressed "I assume that all three families still maintain some kind of control over the brewery?"

"The Bones' and Parkinson's do," replied Susan "I'm not sure how the Potter family is involved anymore, what with you being the last member of the family and not knowing about your family's part in the business until now. At a guess I'd say that the Bones and Parkinson families act as some sort of stand in until you are old enough to get more involved. Aunt Amelia is on the board of directors for the company, and I think that the Parkinson's are represented by Pansy's great uncle or something."

"Huh," said Harry thoughtfully before a grin appeared on his face and he commented "I expect that the next time I have a Butterbeer it'll taste all the sweeter knowing that my family played a part in inventing it."

"Only one way to find out," said Susan before calling out "Blinky?"

With a soft pop a House Elf appeared in front of them "Yes miss?" it asked, bowing slightly.

"Two bottles of Butterbeer, please," Susan requested.

The Elf popped away again, only to reappear a few moments later with two bottles of Butterbeer. Harry and Susan took one each and Harry took a sip.

"Well?" asked Susan.

Harry grinned and replied "I was right. Much more satisfying."

Susan smiled and took a long drink before turning her attention back to the wall of portraits "Let's see, who else have we got? Oh, there were go. That woman there," she pointed a blond haired woman with kind blue eyes "is Hyacinth Bones, though she was a Potter by birth."

"Really?" asked Harry, tilting his head slightly "She looks more like your friend Hannah than she does a Potter."

"That's because her Hyacinth's mother was a member of the Lovegood family," replied Susan "As was Hannah's maternal great grandmother. For some reason whenever a female Lovegood marries into another family, any daughters, granddaughters and great granddaughters are guaranteed to be blond as well. As you can see by the portraits, Hyacinth's two daughters and three granddaughters were all blond."

"Oh yeah," said Harry, looking it over. The process was something that was repeated several times in the Bones family alone.

"Over there," said Susan pointing to another portrait "is Henry Potter, who married Mary Bones. He lived at a time when Magic Carpets were still legal to use in the UK and he made his money importing them from overseas and then selling them on to the general public."

She pointed to someone else "That's Irma Bones, again her maiden name was Potter. She was the person who came up with the Pumpkin Pasty. That one there it Terrence Potter. He was a herbologist of some renown. I think he discovered, named and described about two hundred different magical plant species in his time, including the Whomping Willow, the Bouncing Bulb and the Bubotuber. And over there is Fiona Bones, formerly Potter. She was the potioneer who first came up with Veritaserum, the truth potion."

Harry stood transfixed. His family had contributed so much to the wizarding world, and yet he knew nothing of it.

"I don't know much else, but I'll ask Aunt Amelia how we can learn more. You're the last Potter. It's not right that you don't know."

Harry turned to her and asked "Is that expected then?"

"Oh yes," replied Susan "I constantly research members of my family. I have to know it because one day I'll take over from Aunt Amelia as the head of the Bones family."

Harry frowned slightly and asked "But what if your Aunt ever has a child of her own? Surely the laws of inheritance…"

"They don't apply in this situation," replied Susan "My Aunt cannot have children."

"Oh," replied Harry. He shifted uncomfortably for a moment before commenting "Hey, look! The awkwardness came back."



* * *



That evening Madam Bones was much later in returning home than she usually was.

"Are you alright, Auntie?" Susan asked from where she was already sat at the dinner table beside Harry.

Madam Bones shook her head and turned to Harry "Dumbledore has begun openly searching for you, Harry."

"You mean he wasn't already?" asked Harry.

"No. Well, he was looking for you, but he was doing it quietly. It seems that he has now decided to let the Ministry know that he cannot locate you. The Minister and I spent most of the morning arguing with him on the matter."

Harry paled slightly and asked "He knows I'm here?"

"No," answered Madam Bones "Though he might suspect it. We simply informed him that you have been moved to a new location due to concerns about your safety."

Harry snorted "I'll bet that went down well. That man has always insisted that my relatives' home is the safest place for me."

Madam Bones gave him a nod and replied "He did spend an hour trying to argue that point. Then he changed tactics and tried to insist that it was best that you go and stay with the Weasley family."

Harry chuckled and commented "The usual plan B for my summers. I take it you refused?"

"I did, and he didn't go much on that," said Madam Bones.

"I'll bet he used every angle to try and "insist" that I be moved there," said Harry.

"Oh, of course he did. He wouldn't be Albus Dumbledore if he didn't play every angle he could think of."

"Did he use the "grandfather" act?" asked Harry.

"That was act 1, actually," replied Madam Bones "Which he followed up with the "Head of the Wizengamot" bit, closely followed by the "defeater of Grindelwald" piece. Then he went for the "I know things that you don't but I cannot tell them to you" part. Finally he tried for the "in loco parentis" act."

Harry frowned and asked ""In loco parentis?" What does that mean?"

"It means "in place of the parent,"" replied Madam Bones "It refers to the legal responsibility of a person or organisation to take on some of the responsibilities of a parent should the need arise. Schools and their staff often come under this, and have to act in a way that suits the best interests of the students. It can also give a person the right to act as a parent to someone without adoption. A godparent could come under this, should a biological or adoptive parent be absent."

Harry didn't like the sound of that "So basically it gives Dumbledore the right to treat me however he wants?"

"No," replied Madam Bones "It only gives him the right to act in your best interest while you are under his care. In other words, he has the responsibility to make sure that well cared for and well provided for when he is in his care while you are at Hogwarts. All staff at Hogwarts act in loco parentis to all of the students. However all of them, Dumbledore included, do not have the right to use this power once you are outside of Hogwarts. They can try and do what is best for you by calling you in during term time to discuss any issues you may have outside the castle, and they have a certain amount of responsibility to contact the necessary parties outside the school to try and resolve a situation, but none of them has the right to tell you were to go and what to do outside of the school terms, excluding homework, of course."

"So Dumbledore has no right to demand that I stay with the Dursleys or the Weasleys?"

"He does not."

"Even though he has clearly has done so on multiple occasions in the past?"

"It is not for him to make that decision for you."

"Interesting. So who can act in loco parentis for me?" Harry asked.

"Well, your Aunt Petunia, obviously," replied Madam Bones "Even if she has done everything she could to deny you. Her husband as well, I suppose. Were Sirius Black not a wanted man, he would be another, as he was your godfather. At the moment, as you are staying with me, I can act in such a manner."

Harry nodded thoughtfully and said "Well, I suppose that makes sense. Fudge did pretty much appoint you to look after me."

Susan, who had remained quiet so far, had a scowl on her face as she said "Aunty, if Dumbledore ever tries to pull that stuff again, point out to him that if he really were able to act as such out of school then he hasn't been doing his job properly. He's told Harry nothing about his family."

Madam Bones nodded, a thoughtful expression on her face "Yes that is a problem. Harry, if you'd like, I could try and source some books on the history of your family. I'm afraid that most of those belonging to your parents seem to have disappeared, but the Abbotts will have books detailing their family history like we have. I'm sure that we can gain a good amount of information for you."

Susan looked to her aunt and asked "But wouldn't those books have been moved to Gringotts or something? You know, for safekeeping?"

"It was Gringotts that first reported the books as being missing," replied Madam Bones before turning to Harry "Part of the clean-up that took place after Voldemort came for you as a baby included a team of Goblins coming over to remove all valuables to the Potter family vaults. They would take things like money, jewellery and other items of good monetary value, such as paintings or statues. They also take things important to the family, such as books on the family's history. In this way it is all much easier to distribute when the wills are read. Unfortunately someone got to those books first."

Harry frowned again and said "I don't know much about that night, but one thing I do know is that Hagrid was the first on sight. He told me he pulled be from the wreckage and took me to my relatives. All on Dumbledore's orders, of course."

"Dumbledore has always been a suspect," commented Madam Bones "but we've always lacked the necessary evidence to carry out a search of his home or his quarters at Hogwarts."

Harry looked thoughtful for a moment before asking "So, how likely is it that Dumbledore or one of his followers will come here looking for me?"

"It's very unlikely," replied Madam Bones "They would have to very stupid to come snooping around here. Not only that, but Dumbledore's got a lot more on his plate as of this afternoon."

"What do you mean?" asked Susan.

"The Ministry just passed an educational decree," explained Madam Bones, "Educational Decree Number Twenty-Two was made to ensure that, in the event of the current Headmaster being unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post, the Ministry has the power to then select an appropriate person."

"Nice to see the Ministry stepping in," said Harry "We've had a few dodgy teachers in the past, what with Lockhart, Trelawney and Quirrel…"

"What positions are vacant?" asked Susan "Except for the obvious, of course?"

Madam Bones replied "The role of Defence Against the Dark Arts professor is the only currently vacant post. Dumbledore is always struggling to fill that position, and The Minister is already lining up his undersecretary to take the post."

Harry's brows furrowed in thought "His undersecretary? That that hideous toad-like thing that was dressed all in pink at my trial?"

"Yes, her," replied Madam Bones "The Minister is trying to get someone inside Hogwarts to keep a close watch on Dumbledore and prevent him building up an army with which to overthrow the Ministry."

At Harry's slightly incredulous look, Madam Bones added "That's what Fudge took from your meeting with him."

Harry blew out a breath and said "Okay, well I won't say that this is an all-round bad thing. Dumbledore does need to be reined in a little. I must admit though that I am a little concerned that the students will suffer at the hands of an overzealous Ministry."

"Madam Umbridge is not exactly qualified to teach defence, I'll admit," said Madam Bones "But I don't think she'll do too much damage in the role. They're planning to do a theory based course which, although not ideal, is far better than what that fool Lockhart had you all doing. However the real damage may come from Madam Umbridge's primary role."

"Her primary role?" asked Susan.

"Yes, it's not official yet, and The Minister is waiting for her to be inside Hogwarts before putting it into effect, but her primary role will quickly switch from teaching to that of High Inquisitor."

"High what?" asked Harry.

"High Inquisitor," answered Madam Bones "It means that she will be given the task of reviewing all teachers and other staff at the school and any who don't come up to scratch with be booted out."

"Well that's not such a bad thing," said Harry.

Madam Bones shook her head "Ordinarily no, it would not be a bad thing. However, due to circumstances, Madam Umbridge may well be looking to remove more than just the incompetents. Remember, Fudge is concerned about Dumbledore building up an army."

Harry could see where potential problems could lie in that area.

"She will also be looking at the Hogwarts community as a whole," added Madam Bones "And it is likely that she will try to change many other things as well."

"Looks like some damage control might be in order," said Harry "Can you get me a meeting with the Minister?"

"Shouldn't be too hard," replied Madam Bones "But why?"

"We need to put some control measures in place," said Harry "A couple of things here and there to reduce the amount of damage that this Umbridge woman can do."

"What makes you think that the Minister will listen?" asked Susan.

"Despite what Snape says," replied Harry "I have never used my moniker of "The-Boy-Who-Lived" to get anything. Maybe it's time I did so."

Madam Bones looked at him in surprise "You would endorse the Ministry on this matter?"

"If it gets us some necessary changes then yes," replied Harry "Hogwarts is supposed to be a place for learning. I'd hate to see it torn apart by a political battle between Fudge and Dumbledore."

Madam Bones agreed to set up the meeting.



* * *



Harry had a lot on his mind when he went to bed that night. As such, it took him a long time to get to sleep, but he eventually nodded off.

His dream was a fairly normal one. He was walking out onto the Quidditch Pitch at Hogwarts, his broom swung over his shoulder.

The sky above was a beautiful clear blue, and there was hardly any wind. That made for perfect flying conditions.

The stands were empty, as this was not a match. It wasn't even a proper training session. Harry was just here to have a relaxing fly about, a couple of laps around the stadium to allow his mind to clear, and for some of the stress of school life to leave him.

He was on his third lap when he noticed it. There was a small figure down on the stands. Harry stopped his broom and turned to get a better look.

The figure crawled beneath one of the benches.

Harry flew down towards the stands and landed a few levels lower than the point where he had seen the figure. He dismounted his broom and set it aside before climbing the few levels to the figure.

Reaching the point where he had last seen it, Harry crouched down to look beneath the bench.

There was nothing there.

He stood up and looked around, puzzled. He was quite surprised to find that the sky above was now red, through occasionally broken by thick black clouds.

He heard a sort of snuffling sound and turned towards it. It had come from two rows above him, slightly to his left.

He made his way there and crouched down to look.

Red eyes stared back at him, filled with hate.

Harry tried to scream, but no sound came out.

The figure jumped out at him, and crashed against his chest. Harry fell backwards and saw that the stadium around him was ablaze.

"Wake up Harry."



* * *



Harry Potter's eyes opened and he found himself looking into a pair of blue eyes, framed by auburn hair.

"Are you alright?" Susan asked him.

Harry shook his head, still shaking.

"Was it him again?" Madam Bones asked from her position by the door.

Harry nodded in reply.

"I'll contact Sarah and Cyrus," said Madam Bones as she turned to leave.

Harry sat up slightly. He was covered in sweat, and shivering.

Susan called for a House Elf to get Harry some water. When the Elf returned with a goblet she handed it to Harry.

Harry took a sip and felt its cool wetness soothe his throat.

He looked to Susan and said "Sorry to wake you."

She shook her head "Don't worry about it. You can't help it."

Harry gave her a look of scrutiny before asking "How much did you hear yesterday?"

"Not much" replied Susan "But what I did hear I swore a magical oath not to reveal to anyone who doesn't already know."

Harry nodded.

A few moments later Madam Bones returned to the room. A short while later Sarah Abbott arrived with a bag of potions, and a little while later came Cyrus Greengrass.

After downing a calming draught given to him by Sarah, Harry turned to Greengrass and asked "Any idea what this thing is yet?"

"I haven't been able to undeniably confirm it yet," replied Greengrass "But at the moment all signs are pointing to it being one thing."

"What?" asked Harry.

Cyrus Greengrass glanced towards Madam Bones before answering "A Horcrux."

Madam Bones gasped in shock, but she was the only one.

Instead the other three people in the room asked as one "A what?"



* * *



A/N: So how was that? Sorry this took so long. I haven't really been in a writing mood lately. I've been trying to catch up on my reading of fanfiction as opposed to just writing. Obviously I have been reading those that I have on alert and a couple of others besides that happened to catch my eye, but it has been a while since I last just went through and delved deep into fanfiction archives looking for little gems to read. It's annoying how many incomplete fics there are out there, especially those ones you find that are really good but haven't been updated in two years.

Harry and Susan have now made some headway into becoming friends, but they are not best buds just yet.





*Chapter 6*: Families and Findings


			I'd just like to take a moment here to address a review left by "Guest." Thanks for reading, but I regret to inform you that "Learnt" is in fact a word. I checked in my own dictionary from my bookcase, and a total of ten online dictionaries. Each and every one of them confirmed that it is a word. Admittedly they all said it is "British English" but as I am "British" and use "British English", I shall endeavour to use words such as "Learnt." You may also find that I spell "Colour" as exactly that - with a "u" - Don't let it put you off.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 6: Families and Findings

"A Horcrux," began Cyrus Greengrass, resigning himself to having to explain such a terrible thing "is an object in which a witch or wizard has stored a part of their soul."

Harry balked and asked "I have a piece of Voldemort's soul within me?"

"It certainly seems that way," replied Cyrus "Though I must admit that this is the first time I've ever heard of a living thing being a Horcrux. A living this being a Horcrux is not a very smart move. You see, through the use of the darkest of magics and deeds a wizard or witch splits off a part of their soul and places it inside an object. In this way, should they ever be "killed" a part of them will live on, anchored to the realm of the living by their Horcrux. In this way it is possible for them to return to life. However, this relies upon the object that became a Horcrux surviving. Using an object that is hard to destroy is a sensible move. As a living thing, Harry has the potential to either be killed or die of natural causes and, presumably, the piece of Voldemort's soul would be taken from the realm of the living at the same time."

Harry thought on that. Although he wasn't all that pleased at having a bit of Voldemort's soul within him, he had to admit there was quite a bit of irony in the situation. If Voldemort wanted to kill him, then he would also have to destroy a part of himself as well.

"Is there any way to get rid of the piece of soul?" asked Sarah.

"Usually a Horcrux is destroyed by burning it with fiend fire or use of the poison of a basilisk," replied Cyrus "Obviously neither of those is an option that we would want to use here."

"But it may come to it," said Harry.

Sarah scolded him "Don't talk like that Harry."

"Why not?" asked Harry "In the end I might have to die so that Voldemort can die. There is no use in ignoring that fact, as much as I don't like it."

"He's right," replied Cyrus "Obviously we will do everything that we can to find another option, but there is no use denying that it might have to end in Harry dying."

Harry frowned as a thought occurred to him "Hang on, didn't you say that one of the ways to destroy a Horcrux is basilisk venom?"

"That's right," replied Cyrus.

"I was bitten by a basilisk," said Harry "Why wasn't this thing destroyed then?"

"I honestly don't know," said Cyrus "Perhaps you were healed too quickly, the venom being neutralised before it could destroy the soul piece. Don't forget it would have had to get through your system from your arm and up to the scar on your forehead. Had the venom been injected there then maybe that would have done it."

"Could that be an option?" asked Harry "Because I know were we could get some basilisk venom if someone can source some phoenix tears."

"I'll look into it," said Cyrus "Though I would prefer a less risky option."

Susan spoke up "How about an exorcism? You know, like how they get ghosts and poltergeists to leave old manors and castles. This can't be much different to that."

"That will be something else to look into," replied Cyrus "Though I don't know what we would do with the soul fragment once it's outside Harry's body."

"Could it survive without a host?" asked Sarah.

"I can't say," replied Cyrus "Remember, this has never been known to happen before."

He went over to his bag and picked it up "I'll speak to some contacts of mine amongst the unspeakables in the Department of Mysteries. If anyone could shed some light on our problem, it'll be them."

"Tell them they'll have the support of the DMLE should they need it," said Amelia.



* * *



Harry did not go back to sleep that night. He had been told to, but he didn't much feel like encountering Voldemort's soul fragment again, much less wake up the whole house once more with his screaming.

He settled on his bed to read a book for the few hours that remained until sunrise, and then headed down to the library, intending to discover more about his family.

Amelia called in to see how he was before she headed off to work, and about an hour later Susan joined him in his research.

His newly discovered situation was something that all parties elected to not discuss.

After a while, Harry decided to question Susan on something that he kept spotting in his research.

"Susan, how come all these families have titles, and what do they mean?"

"The titles refer to the status of the family and how important they are deemed to be," replied Susan, knowledgably "Nobody really pays it all that much notice these days, but it all used to be very important to wizarding society, and even now it can help you out a bit to have one of the high standing families on your side. As one of the oldest and most respected families, House Bones has the title "Ancient and Noble." A newer and less respected family, such as the Kirk family is known as a "Clan". Hang on, there should be a book around here somewhere…"

She got up from the table and began to scan the shelves of books until she found the one she was looking for. It was a massive and ancient looking tome, its cover made of worn old leather.

She set it down upon the table and opened it.

"Here we are. Families of wizards and witches are broken down into six groups. The first, and generally considered the most important, are the "Ancient and Noble" families. Then there are the "Ancient" families, the "Noble" families, the "Lesser" families, the "Clan" families and the "Newblood" families."

"An Ancient and Noble family is one that has been around a long time and is highly respected. Usually there are great deeds associated with these families.

"An Ancient family is one that has been around for a long time but is not so well respected.

"A Noble family is one that has not been around for very long, but is respected. Again those families are usually associated with great deeds.

"It is possible for a family to lose its "Noble" status, as happened with the Gaunt family a couple of centuries ago, through misdeeds. However the only way to lose your "Ancient" status is for your family to go extinct.

"A Lesser is a family that has not been around for very long, and is not too well respected.

"A Clan family has to be at least three generations old. They are not yet old enough or respected enough to be a "Lesser" house. A Clan family may also be an older family that has lost much of its status, wealth and respect. This happened to the Macnair family."

"And lastly a Newblood family is one that is less than three generations old."

Harry nodded thoughtfully "Seems simple enough, I guess. Are Muggleborns taken into consideration in this?"

"Once they marry, yes," replied Susan "For example, once Justin Finch-Fletchley from Hufflepuff marries, he will be the head of the Newblood House of Finch-Fletchley. Even if he were to marry a pure-blood witch from an Ancient and Noble house, his family would still be called a Newblood family. Sally-Anne Perks on the other hand will just become a part of whatever house she marries into. Were she to marry Justin, she would be a part of the Newblood House of Finch-Fletchley, but were she to marry, say Neville Longbottom, she would be a part of the Noble and Ancient House of Longbottom."

"Okay," said Harry "And then once the Newblood House of Finch-Fletchley became three generations old, it would become known as the Clan House of Finch-Fletchley?"

"Exactly," said Susan "And they would remain at that status until they were deemed to have earned the right to become a "Lesser" House."

Harry nodded in understanding before asking "So which families have which titles?"

Susan flipped through a couple of pages in the book before finding an answer. She frowned though and said "This needs updating. The McKinnon and Meadowes families are still listed under the "Ancient and Noble" section."

"Did they lose their Noble status?" asked Harry.

Susan shook her head "No. They went extinct. You-Know-Who wiped them out in the war."

"Shows how much he values the purity of blood," commented Harry.

"Actually of the seven Noble and Ancient families that were around at the start of the war, only the Black family bought into all the "purity of blood" crap," said Susan "The rest of us don't. Neville may be a pureblood, but his parents were a mix. His father was a pureblood, and his mother was a half-blood. That's enough to consider Neville a pureblood, but for the elitists, it isn't."

"So then as long as at least one of your parents is pureblood and the other is at least a half blood, you are a pureblood?" asked Harry.

"That's one way in which it works," replied Susan "But you can actually have two half-bloods as parents and still be considered pure, though again the elitists don't like it."

Harry nodded thoughtfully and said "I think I get it. But where does all this pureblood elitism come from, if this house system is in place?"

"Most of them are upstarts from the Lesser and Clan families who think they should be higher ranking," said Susan "The Malfoy, Bulstrode and Flint families are Lesser Houses who think that they should be considered either Noble or Ancient, and the Carrow, Macnair and Rosier families are all Clan families who think that they ought to be Noble. Then there are a few Ancient families who get in on the act. They are the likes of the Nott, Goyle and Gaunt who lost their Noble status and refuse to accept it. It really annoys a lot of these people that some of the higher ranking families contain so many half-bloods and frequently marry Muggleborns. In their opinions we should be the purest of the pure, and if we refuse to be then we need to be eliminated."

Harry wrinkled his nose in disgust "Lovely. So how did the Black family get mixed up in the pureblood dogma?"

Susan shrugged and replied "I suppose they were less careful about who they married. You and I are both related to the Black family, but for the past few generations the Blacks have mostly been marrying the likes of the Malfoys, Flints and Goyles. And eventually they were being influenced by these families. There was a movement back along to try and strip the Black family of its "Noble" status, but that ground to a halt. Aunt Amelia suspects Lucius Malfoy had something to do with it. His wife is a Black and currently his son stands to inherit a lot from the Black estate, what with Bellatrix being in Azkaban, Sirius being on the run, Regulus dead and Andromeda banished. Should Sirius Black die then the estate will be handed over to the Malfoy family. Such an inheritance would force their status to be raised to Ancient."

Harry snorted in derision "Just what Hogwarts needs, Draco Malfoy strutting around playing the "Ancient Family" bit. He's bad enough now."

"You would be well within your rights to slap him down, Harry," replied Susan "The Potter family is Ancient and Noble. You outrank him."

Harry looked at her with surprise showing on his face "I outrank Draco?"

"You certainly do," said Susan "And you can use that to knock the wind out of him. That's how Hannah and I deal with him."

"Hannah outranks him too?" asked Harry.

Susan nodded "Yes, the Abbott, Bones, Potter, Longbottom and Black families are the only current holders of the Ancient and Noble status. As I mentioned before, the Meadowes and McKinnon families used to have this rank before going extinct, and the Nott, Goyle, Gaunt and a few other families have lost their "Noble" status. Actually, I think that the Gaunt family has gone extinct as well."

"You said earlier that when a woman marries, her status changes to that of the house that she married into. What if there was a woman who was a part of the McKinnon family who married into another family before the McKinnon's were wipes out? Could she not have some way to save the family?"

"She could," replied Susan "Naturally the oldest son would have to take the name of his father, but a second son could grow up to head the McKinnon family once more, so long as his father agreed to it. Actually I believe that that could happen with the Noble House of Prewitt. Gideon and Fabien Prewitt were the last to have the name and they died in the war, but their sister is Molly Weasley. If Arthur Weasley agreed to it, any of those sons, apart from the oldest, could take on the name Prewitt and continue the family. Obviously the second oldest son would have the first in line of the Prewitt family, but any of the other four could take on the name also."

"Would the revived family keep its status?" asked Harry.

"That's kind of a grey area," replied Susan "In a fair world then yes they would, but it depends entirely upon the situation. Someone is bound to call it into question these days, especially with regards to the "Noble" status."

Harry nodded but then grinned and said "Well, you've told me who is Ancient and Noble, but what about the rest? Who can I lord it over?"

"Everyone apart from me, Hannah and Neville," replied Susan "If you were that way inclined of course. However, if you must know the Ancient families are the Houses of Bagshot, Bole, Diggory, Goyle, Macmillan, Nott, Smith, Turpin, Gaunt, Marchbanks, Montague, Ogden and Peverell. Of those Gaunt and Peverell are now believed to be extinct."

"Cedric was from an Ancient House?" asked Harry in surprise "Wow, you'd think the Ministry would put a bit more effort into finding out the truth about how he died."

"Not with Lucius Malfoy lining the Minister's pockets," replied Susan, darkly.

She continued "The Noble families are the Houses of Avery, Bagwell, Boot, Cauldwell, Dagworth, Dumbledore, Fenwick, Fudge, Greengrass, Harper, McGonagall, McLaggen, Parkinson, Prewitt, Proudfoot, Rookwood, Scrimgeour and Vector. None of those families have gone extinct."

"Dumbledore and Fudge are considered Noble?" asked Harry.

Susan nodded "According to this, the Dumbledore family is quite young in comparison to some others, but it was granted its Noble status after Albus Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald. Fudge being Minster was an automatic ticket to his family becoming Noble, not that the buffoon deserves it."

"And McGonagall?" asked Harry "What did her family do?"

Susan flipped through several pages of the book with a frown on her face "It doesn't say. Our Professor is a Half-Blood, and her mother was a half-blood, while her father was a Muggle…" Susan flicked through several more pages before shaking her head "I don't see how her family came to be considered Noble…"

Susan flicked through several more pages, before brightening "Ah, here it is. The McGonagall line was believed to have gone extinct four generations before our Professor came along. If her father was descended from a squib of the family then she must have been able to claim back her status. Anyway…"

She flicked back through the book to find the list of families again.

"The Lesser families are the Houses of Babbling, Belby, Borgin, Brown, Bulstrode, Crabbe, Davies, Doge, Finnigan, Flint, Frobisher… oh, that's interesting," she exclaimed.

"What is?" asked Harry.

Susan turned the book around so that Harry could see the page more clearly. She pointed to a name on the list.

Harry leaned forward and read "The Lesser House of Granger (possibly extinct.)"

He leaned back in his chair "Hermione's from a Lesser House?"

"If this is the same situation as with Professor McGonagall then yes," replied Susan.

Harry thought for a moment before realising something "Hang on, earlier you said that the Malfoys are a Lesser House. Does that mean Hermione and Draco are on even footing?"

"If it can be proved that Hermione is a direct descendant of the Granger family mentioned in this book then yes," replied Susan "And although he doesn't have to like her, young Mr Malfoy would be forced to be civil to her, at least in public."

Harry smirked, imagining the look of Draco Malfoy's face as he was forced to say "thank you" to Hermione when she held a door open for him in a public place.

Then he remembered that Hermione was a bit of a sore point for him at the moment and decided to hurry Susan along with the other names.

She gave him a sympathetic smile before continuing to read out the remaining names of Lesser House families "Johnson, Jones, Lockhart, Lovegood, Lupin, Malfoy, Mulciber, O'Brian, Pince, Podmore, Pomfrey, Preece, Quirrel, Rhobards, Selwyn, Shacklebolt, Sinistra, Skeeter, Sloper, Slughorn, Stebbins, Travers, Umbridge Urquhart, Vaisey, Vane and Williamson.

"So this Umbridge woman is from a Lesser House as well?" questioned Harry.

"Seems so," replied Susan "I'll bet it hurts her too. Anyway, of those, Quirrel is extinct, as is Granger unless of course Hermione can prove otherwise, and Lupin is in default as the last surviving member is a werewolf."

"That's not fair," protested Harry.

Susan shrugged "I don't get to make the rules. If it makes you feel any better, the Bones family voted against that rule but were in the minority."

She continued to read aloud "The Clan families are the Houses of Ackerly, Bell, Branstone, Burke, Carrow, Coote, Corner, Croaker, Davis, Dawlish, Dearborn, Diggle, Fawcett, Filch, Goldstein, Hooch, Jordan, Jugson, Kirk, Macnair, MacDougal, Midgen, Moody, Peakes, Pettigrew, Pie, Prang, Prince, Pucey, Rivers, Robbins, Roper, Rosier, Savage, Shunpike, Spinnet, Sprout, Weasley, Wilkes, Wood and Zeller. Of those, Pettigrew, Rosier and Dearborn are believed to have gone extinct."

"Pettigrew isn't," said Harry, before muttering darkly "Not yet, anyway."

Susan decided to not ask what he meant and continued on.

"Current Newblood families are Cornfoot, Cresswell, Entwhistle, MacDonald, Quirke and Tonks."

"Is that all?" asked Harry.

"Quite a few Muggleborns were either killed or fled the country in the last war," said Susan "And don't forget there are those like your mother, my mother and Hannah's mother who married into other families."

That gave Harry pause. That was the first time Susan had mentioned on of her parents. Susan seemed to realise it to, and looked down at the table top, her face wrought with embarrassment.

"Was it," Harry began awkwardly "Was it the war?"

Susan shook her head sadly "No. They survived that. But a few years later a few Death Eaters who got off with the Imperius Curse claim got together for old times' sake. My parents didn't have a chance. Only two were caught and sent to Azkaban, the other five who were involved got away with it. Lucius Malfoy was implicated, but no follow up was ever made. This was before my Aunt Amelia was head of the DMLE."

"I'm sorry," said Harry, and he meant it.

Tears began to build up in Susan's eyes "I was six when it happened. They were going out for the evening, and left me at my Aunt's house. They said they'd see me the next morning, but they never came back. I came down the stairs the next morning expecting to see them, only to find my Aunt crying and grave looking two Aurors standing there having just delivered the bad news."

And just like that Harry had gone from finding out about the families of the wizarding world to sitting in a library with a crying girl, something he had no clue as to how to deal with.

Just as he was reaching out to try and awkwardly pat her on the back, as shout came from the kitchen "Susan! Harry!"

Quick as a flash, Susan darted from the room, but rather than go into the kitchen she fled upstairs.

Harry made his way into the kitchen to find Amelia standing there with Cyrus Greengrass and a man who Harry did not recognise.

"Um, Susan's not coming," said Harry "She's a bit upset."

"Why?" asked Amelia.

"We were talking that the subject of her parents kind-of came up," said Harry awkwardly.

Amelia smiled kindly and said "I'll talk to her. Cyrus, would you?"

Cyrus Greengrass gave a nod and Amelia left the room.

"Harry," said Cyrus "This is Algernon Croaker, he works within the Department of Mysteries at the Ministry. He has agreed to help you with your scar issue, but would like to examine you himself, it that's alright."

Harry nodded and said "That's fine, I guess. Can't be too careful I suppose."

It took fifteen minutes for Croaker to confirm that the thing in Harry's scar was indeed a Horcrux.

"Can you get rid of it?" asked Cyrus.

Croaker gave a nod and answered "I believe so. That exorcism idea you told me about should work. I'll need to obtain a few things, but we should be able to do it on Friday."

Harry sat up, alarmed "Friday? But that's three days away. I can't go without sleep for that long."

"You should be fine with a dreamless sleep potion," replied Croaker "I know that Healer Abbott was wary of giving it to you, but I cannot see there being any problems. And three nights is not enough to cause an addiction issue."

Cyrus nodded and said "I'll contact Healer Abbott once I get back to the Ministry. Thank you, Croaker."

"Yes, thank you," said Harry.

Croaker nodded to the two of them and then turned and left.

Cyrus made to follow, but the concern must have been showing on Harry's face. The man smiled reassuringly at him and said "Harry, relax. We know what it is and that in and of itself is half the battle won. Just you wait, come Saturday morning, you'll feel like a new person."

Harry nodded, though he was not entirely convinced.



* * *



Not long after Cyrus Greengrass left, Amelia left as well. On the way out she informed Harry that Susan had fallen asleep.

Healer Abbott stopped by a little later to drop of a few bottles of the dreamless sleep potion, but apart from that Harry spent the rest of the afternoon on his own.

It was not until dinner that evening that Harry saw Susan again. She wouldn't look at him, and he quite rightly guessed that she was embarrassed about breaking down in front of him like she had done.

They began their meal in silence, though thankfully Amelia's return home a few minutes later put paid to that.

"Well, the Minister is livid," she informed them as she sat down.

"Why?" asked Harry.

"Dumbledore has scuppered his plans to get Dolores Umbridge into the Defence job by filling the post," replied Amelia as she added some vinegar to her meal.

"Who did he employ?" asked Susan.

"None other than Nymphadora Tonks," replied Amelia with a smirk "Dear old Cornelius just about hit the roof."

"I'm not surprised with the way she was kicked out of the Ministry," said Harry.

"Yes, and Fudge did try to argue that point, but Dumbledore had a better argument. As a recently trained Auror, Miss Tonks is far more qualified to teach defence to the students of Hogwarts that the Undersecretary could ever hope to be."

"So that's it then?" asked Harry "Fudge's plans are scuppered."

"Not entirely," said Amelia "He is still adamant that there will be a High Inquisitor at Hogwarts, and he is determined that Dolores Umbridge will be the one to fill that role. The defence thing was just to try and get her into the school without seeming too forceful. Dumbledore employing Tonks means that Fudge will now have to resort to other measures. Dolores Umbridge will be inside Hogwarts as the High Inquisitor whether Dumbledore likes it or not."

"Fan-friggin-tastic," muttered Harry darkly "I wouldn't mind it is it was a decent person being put in the job, but that Umbridge woman gives me the creeps."

Amelia nodded in understanding and said "I know what you mean. She is not very well liked at the Ministry. I don't think even Fudge is all that fond of her to be honest, she's just a yes person. I think he chose her for the role just so he doesn't have to see her every day. Be warned though, Harry, she's prejudiced. She might not be homicidal like the Death Eaters were, but she does think that Muggleborns only belong on the bottom rung of society. And she hates werewolves, goblins, centaurs and giants, so Rubeus Hagrid will be having problems. And she may try and pick a fight with the centaurs to try and get rid of them."

"Charming," said Harry "I'm beginning to rethink my plans if they mean having to endure working with her."

Amelia shook her head "You can't back out now, Potter. I've set up a meeting between you and the Minister for tomorrow afternoon at two o'clock. "

Harry nodded, a thoughtful look on his face. Madam Bones was right. His lies at the trial might have saved his neck from an unfair and unjustifiable punishment, but now Hogwarts, or more specifically its students, were now threatened because of those lies.

Damage control was needed, and as the person who told the lies in the first place, it was up to Harry to try and put things right.

Well, he'd give it a bloody good go at least.



* * *



A/N: So that's chapter 6. I hope you enjoyed it. I've never really bothered with the "families" angle of the wizarding world myself, but it was fun to play around with it and decide who goes where. I expect that some of you will think of a hundred other surnames that I didn't include, but nevermind. For those of you who are wondering, Chang, Li, Patil, Dolohov, Rowle and Lestrange, amongst others, are considered to be "foreign families" and so are not included, but that does not mean that they are not well respected. And families like Avery and Rookwood still holding their "Noble" status has the same reasons as to how the Black family is still "Ancient and Noble" - someone stood to gain and stepped in.

As you can probably tell by this chapter, I will eventually be going the "Lord Potter" route, but I am trying to come up with a title other than "Lord" After all, this is a world with "Chief Warlocks" "Supreme Mugwumps" "Grand Sorceror" and "Auror." Something about "Lord" sounds too Muggle to me. Voldemort probably only went with it because it came out of the anagram and he was too unimaginitive to come up with something else. Really, what would be wrong with calling himself "Riddle the Tyrant?"

Anyway, any suggestions on what the title should be are more than welcome. Though it goes without saying "Douchebag" will not be considered.





*Chapter 7*: The Proposition


			Sorry for the delay. I don't really have an excuse, except that this chapter was being difficult and refused to be written. Anyway, enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 7: The Proposition

The door to the telephone box swung open as the nasally female voice said "The Ministry of Magic wishes you a pleasant day."

A young man, who looked to be in his early twenties, stepped out of the telephone box and began to make his way across the atrium of the Ministry of Magic, heading for the security desk. The young man had light brown hair that reached down to his shoulders, and his eyes were a deep blue in colour.

This young man, of course, was Harry Potter. Glamour charms really could work wonders. Today Harry was meeting with the Minster for Magic, Cornelius Fudge, to discuss plans for Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

The disguise was necessary due to the fact that Albus Dumbledore likely had people within the Ministry of Magic who would tell the old man about Harry turning up at the Ministry, should they see him. As it was, Harry Potter appeared to be just another anonymous face in the crowd. Dumbledore was also the reason that Harry was using the visitor's entrance rather than using the floo network. Floo travel was monitored, and Dumbledore might just have one of his people in that department. However, the visitor's entrance was not monitored.

The meeting had been thoroughly planned for, but Harry was still nervous. There was a lot that could go wrong, especially if the Minister decided that he did not care for some of Harry's suggestions.

Sarah Abbott's dreamless sleep potion had, thankfully, worked wonders the night before, and Harry had not been troubled by visions of the part of Voldemort that resided within his scar, resulting in a rest filled night for all residents of the Bones family manor house.

At the security desk, Harry was greeted by Amelia Bones. Her insistence to the guard on duty that Harry was with her saw the man wave Harry on through without checking his wand.

Madam Bones escorted Harry over to the lifts, for appearances' sake, and then left him to it. Harry would be on his own for this meeting, as it would do no good to have the Minister suspect Harry of being a puppet controlled by Amelia.

The Minister knew to expect Harry to arrive in disguise.

After several stops to allow various other people to get on and off of the lifts, Harry finally stepped out onto Level One, which was home to the Minister for Magic and related administrative personnel.

Harry walked by several doors, including one marked "Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic" and another marked "Junior Assistant to the Minister for Magic" before coming to one with a golden plaque that read "Minister for Magic" in resplendent lettering.

The door to the Minister's office opened slightly, just enough to let none other than Percy Weasley, the Junior Assistant to the Minister for Magic exit the room.

The young man, only a few years older than Harry himself, looked Harry up and down before asking "And who might you be?"

"Archibald Gunderson," replied Harry "I have an appointment to meet with Minister Fudge."

"Very well, I shall see if he is ready to receive you," said Percy.

Harry gave him a polite nod of thanks as he turned back to the room.

A moment later Percy returned and said "Right this way, Mr Gunderson."

"Thank you Mr" here Harry took a deliberate look at Percy's name badge "Weatherby."

He saw a muscle twitch on the side of Percy's face as he walked past the Junior Assistant and into the Minister's office.

Cornelius Fudge looked up from some paperwork on his desk and smiled "Ah, you're here. Good."

He gestured with his wand towards the door and it swung shut and locked.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me on such short notice, Minister," said Harry politely "Um, if you would?"

He gestured to his face.

"Oh yes," said Fudge, drawing his wand again "Of course. Finite Incantatem."

The disillusionment charms on Harry's face faded out, causing the appearance of Archibald Gunderson to disappear, and the visage of Harry Potter to show.

"Excellent spell work by Madam Bones," said Fudge happily as he settled himself back into his seat "Now, as to why you are here. I understand that you have a few thoughts on how the Ministry intends to handle its tackling of the seriously falling standards at Hogwarts School?"

"Yes, sir, I do," replied Harry "And may I just say first of all what a relief it is to me that the Ministry is stepping in to address the situation at Hogwarts. I have been concerned for quite some time about a few of the things that go on up at that castle, and yet have never felt that there was anyone that I could turn to in order to discuss these issues."

"Is that so?" asked Fudge "And what things have you been concerned about, Mr Potter?"

"Quite a number of things," replied Harry "First and foremost, however, is security," at this leaned forwards in his chair and asked "Did you know that a fully grown Mountain Troll wandered into the castle one night during my first year?"

Fudge's eyes widened in surprise.

"Oh yes," continued Harry "It was all hushed up, obviously, but this thing apparently got into the castle and got down into the dungeons where it was seen by the Defence Professor who, rather than take the thing down like any competent Defence Professor would, ran up to the Great Hall to announce it to the whole school. By the time the beast was found again, it was destroying the girls' bathroom up on the first floor. A girl in there was nearly killed, and others would have been had they not been in the Halloween Feast."

Fudge was gaping at him "Why I – Well – I mean," he stammered "Well there were rumours of course, but nothing more was ever said on the matter…"

Harry nodded and said "Of course nothing was ever said of it. Dumbledore couldn't have that getting out now, could he? Then people would know of his mistake."

"What mistake?" asked Fudge.

Harry didn't like to say this next bit, as it meant that he had to be seen as thinking of the welfare of Slytherin students, but none-the-less it had to be said.

"Once the Defence Professor had informed the school of the Troll's presence, the great and wise Albus Dumbledore ordered everyone return to their House Common Rooms. But here's the thing, at that time the Troll was last known to be in the dungeons, and the location of the Slytherin Common Room is-"

"In the dungeons," Fudge finished for him, shocked "But surely they had a few teachers providing an escort, just in case?"

Harry shook his head "No, sir, they did not. The students were left in the care of the prefects."

"Dear Merlin," muttered Fudge, sitting back in his seat "Imagine if the thing hadn't moved off elsewhere…"

"The Slytherins could have walked right into it," said Harry.

Fudge shook his head before asking "Any other examples?"

"Where to begin?" said Harry "In my second year, how long did those attacks on Muggleborns go on for before the perpetrator was finally stopped?"

Fudge nodded "I heard more on that matter than I did of the Troll. Wasn't it Arthur Weasley's daughter acting under the influence of a dark object?"

"It was," replied Harry "Looking past the obvious question of how no one noticed that she was being possessed, the more serious question is how did such a dark object get into the school in the first place? I mean, I'm no expert, and I do not pretend to be, but surely there must be ways of detecting objects so evil that they can possess the mind of the one holding it?"

"There are a few spells that can be used to detect if an object is dark," replied Fudge "I don't know how to cast them myself, but they are used by Aurors who raid the homes of Dark Wizards."

"And yet those same spells are not used to keep Hogwarts students safe," said Harry "I know that it is highly unlikely for students to bring dark objects to Hogwarts, but Healers in the Muggle world have a saying which is "prevention is half the cure." I'm sure you can see how such a thought can be applied here."

Fudge was nodding with understanding "Yes, I can see what you mean. Stop the thing from even getting into the castle, and you've solved the problem before it can become one. But how would such a feat be accomplished?"

"Well for one," said Harry "when students get off of the express train at Hogsmeade station, they leave their trunks and things on the train, and those things are taken up to the school by, well I presume by the House Elves. How much trouble could it possibly be to have a couple of people spend half an hour walking the length of the train, firing off the detection spell at every trunk in every compartment, just to be safe?"

"Well, I cannot see that being too much of a problem at all," replied the Minister "What's half an hour of a few Aurors' time so that we can all have a little piece of mind?"

"Exactly," said Harry "A small change, but a significant one. It is likely that they will turn up nothing each and every time, but it is far better to be safe than to be sorry."

The Minister was nodding eagerly as he took a golden eagle feather quill, dipped it in some ink and wrote down of a piece of parchment before him Discuss with Amelia about having two Aurors scan the luggage on the Hogwarts Express.

Harry smiled and thought to himself "That's one idea given the green light." Having already discussed his plans with Madam Bones, he already knew that she would agree with the Minister on this matter. Of his proposals, that one was the one he was most certain would get approval from Fudge, as it was a small change that would not cost too much, and yet would still make the Ministry look very good in the eyes of the wizarding public.

Having finished writing the note, the Minister looked up at Harry and asked "Are there any other concerns, Harry?"

"Well, obviously you are no doubt aware of the situation at the school last year," replied Harry "What with that Death Eater who went around disguised as Alastor Moody and who tried to kill me. Well obviously my concern there is how did a man go around the castle for nearly the entire school year and not get caught? I mean, I know that he might have ended up obliviating one or two people, but still…"

"You are concerns about other people infiltrating the school and using Polyjuice potion to avoid detection," Fudge finished for him.

"Exactly," said Harry "I mean if he did it, what is there to stop someone else from doing it? If a parent comes up to the castle in order to take their child away from the school for whatever reason, what attempts are made to ensure that it really is the parent and not some oddball?"

The Minister was nodding at his words and replied "I can see exactly where you are coming from Harry. That business last year was a terrible breach in the security of Hogwarts. I don't know whether or not Dumbledore planted that man inside the castle to serve as part of his elaborate plans, but either way someone like that being inside the castle walls and with access to students is inexcusable and efforts must be made in order to ensure that it cannot happen again."

He was already scribbling furiously on his parchment before he had finished talking.

Harry continued "There are also a few issues with some of the teachers at the school, Minister."

Fudge looked up from his note taking "Oh yes?"

"Not so much the quality of the education, you understand," continued Harry "though that does remain an issue in several areas. No, what I'm talking about is, well… it's their personalities, to put it bluntly. There are some members of staff who are very knowledgeable about their particular field to be sure, but just seem to lack the temperament required to pass that on to another adult wizard, far less teach a classroom full of students."

"Are we talking about anyone in particular?" asked the Minister.

"Well, there is Professor Snape for one," replied Harry, making sure to force himself to use Snape's title as it sounded more respectful "He come billowing into the dungeon classroom, waves his wand at the blackboard so that the instructions appear and then tells us to get started. After that he spends the rest of the lesson stalking around the classroom making everyone feel uncomfortable. Then when most of the potions brewed by the class go wrong, he calls us all dunderheads. He never takes the time to explain things or dish out useful advice and if anyone ever asks such a thing he either ignores them or insults them for not already knowing it."

"Good gracious," muttered Fudge "He sounds like an awful teacher."

"He is," replied Harry before leaning over the table to say conspiratorially "Most students hate him. They dread going to potions class because it forces them to spend time in his company. And he doesn't help himself with his awful temper."

The Minister was nodding "Yes… Yes, I remember that little outburst the night Sirius Black escaped from Hogwarts. A most unpleasant man."

"And had that irrational belief that I had somehow been involved with Black's escape," added Harry.

"I do recall that," said Fudge "I said to Dumbledore that night that the man was unbalanced. But Dumbledore insisted that he wasn't."

"That's Dumbledore for you," replied Harry "He is utterly convinced that his pet former Death Eater is a changed man and will listen to nothing that proves otherwise. The students gave up complaining long ago. They feel that there is no one that they can turn to."

"And that," said the Minister "is exactly why I wish to place Dolores Umbridge inside Hogwarts School. She will be there in order to review all the staff within the school and address the seriously falling standards within the castle. I just need a way to get her into the castle."

"I actually might have an idea on that front, Minister," said Harry "And it will also address the problem with another member of staff."

"And which member of staff would that be?" queried Fudge.

"Professor Binns, Minister," answered Harry "He is the ghost who teaches History of Magic."

"Dear Merlin!" exclaimed Fudge "You mean to say that Old Binns is still teaching? My word, he was putting classes to sleep when I was attending the school."

"Then you have first-hand experience of the issue," said Harry "I trust that you can see how detrimental to the education process a teacher as dreary as Professor Binns is."

"Of course," said Fudge "But how can that get Dolores into the castle?"

"Pass a ruling that prohibits Ghosts from holding academic posts," replied Harry "In that way you can get rid of Binns and put Madam Umbridge into the castle to take over the roll."

"I can only do that if Dumbledore fails to find a suitable candidate for the post," said Fudge.

"So don't let him know until the last moment," replied Harry "Don't give him the time to out manoeuvre you."

"Yes," said the Minister thoughtfully "You my boy have something there, you really do. We'll get the law approved on the day the students are all returning to Hogwarts, thus eliminating the potential of Dumbledore filling the History of Magic Post. He won't be able to, as he'll be far too caught up in getting the final preparations in place for the start of the school year. Excellent."

Harry smiled. His plans were working. He had horror stories about other members of staff as well, including Professor Trelawney, who taught Divination, and several Defence Against the Dark Arts Professors, but the two stories given appeared to have been more than enough to get Fudge's attention on the matter.

Now though it was time for the main event.

"Minister, I hope that you don't mind my asking this, but are you sure that Madam Umbridge will be up to this task?"

"What do you mean?" asked Fudge, and there was a sharp edge to his voice now.

"All I mean is," said Harry "that it will be her up against the entire school. With the odds stacked like that, I cannot help but wonder if she might benefit from a little help."

"Help?" asked Fudge "In what way?"

"Well, in addition to all the usual responsibilities of a teacher, she will also, as you said, be tasked with reviewing all the other staff within the castle, addressing standards across the board, dealing with students… surely she could use a little assistance. Someone to lighten the load a little bit."

"But if I were to try and place someone else in the castle, then I would need to find another position on the staff for them," said Fudge.

"What if you used a student for the role?" asked Harry "What if there was a student at Hogwarts, appointed by the Ministry, to help Madam Umbridge in her endeavours by, say, acting as a go-to person for the students and their problems?"

"Isn't that what the prefects are for?" asked Fudge.

"In an ideal world, yes," replied Harry "But to be honest prefects are a little too much associated with discipline, what with their patrolling the corridors at night, and their acting as an authority figure within the common room. Add that to the fact that they are appointed by the teachers, and you end up with students feeling that they cannot approach the prefects. What I am suggesting is a student who, while obviously tied to authority to a certain extent, acts as a slightly more independent body than the prefects are from the teachers. This student would be approachable by all students from every house in order to listen to their problems and offer up advice. He or she would also have the authority or dish out punishments is required, obviously. And, aside from all this, the student would act as a filter between the students and Madam Umbridge, only bothering her with things that the student really cannot handle and leaving her to deal with her bigger tasks. This student would also be able to act as the voice of the students at any faculty meetings."

Fudge was nodding in understanding. What Harry was essentially describing was a prefect, but this one would be a prefect assigned by the Ministry, and Cornelius Fudge very much liked the sound of that.

Harry and Madam Bones had discussed the possibility of putting Harry's name forward for the role straight away, but they had decided against it. Such a thing might put the Minister off of the plan. Madam Bones would be sure to put Harry's name forward at a later time however.

"Very well, young Harry," he said "Obviously I shall have to discuss this with a few others, but I am reasonably certain that such a plan can be put into place. Was that all?"

"It was Minister," said Harry "And may I just say again what a relief it is to me that the Ministry is stepping in to address the situation at Hogwarts. Long overdue."

"Yes, I quite agree," said Fudge "Well, if that is everything, Harry, I do have some meetings to arrange."

"Certainly Minister," said Harry, standing up "Um, would you mind…?"

Fudge looked up "Oh yes, of course."

He drew his wand and cast a few glamour charms. The result was not quite what Madam Bones had achieved earlier, but Harry would still pass as being Archibald Gunderson.

Harry left the office and headed back towards the lifts. He gave a slight nod to Percy Weasley as he passed him, and managed to control his smirk when he saw Dolores Umbridge.

Harry got into the lifts which, after a few stops to let others in and out at the various floors, he was returned to the Ministry Atrium.

He walked by the security desk, where Madam Bones was waiting. They did not make eye contact, but as he was passing her, Harry gave a surreptitious thumbs up. He then made his way towards the visitors' entrance and left, intending to catch the Knight Bus back to Bones Manor.



* * *



About an hour later, Harry entered the kitchen of the Bones family manor and was met by Sarah Abbott.

"I've got a surprise for you," she said as she used her wand to get rid of the glamour charms on him.

"Oh yeah?" asked Harry "And what might that be?"

"My lovely daughter is here," replied Sarah with a smile.

Harry's shoulders sagged a little before he said "Look Sarah, it's been great getting to know you, and I appreciate everything that you have done and are doing for me, but if you are expecting me and your daughter to just suddenly start getting on like a house on fire then I'm sorry, but you're barking up the wrong tree."

"I whole-heartedly agree," replied Sarah "Which is why I don't expect the two of you to suddenly get along with each other. That's why she's here. The bridged between the two of you need to be rebuilt, but that cannot happen if the two of you don't go anywhere near each other."

Harry gave a groan and allowed his head to droop forwards before muttering "Fine. I suppose that I should at least make the effort."

"Thank you Harry," said Sarah "That's all I ask."

Harry smiled, but said nothing more. He had said he would make the effort to get on with Hannah, but there would be no friendship between them until Hannah acknowledged how she had wronged him in the past.

He followed Sarah into the drawing room where Susan and Hannah were seated on a long sofa, talking.

When Harry walked in both girls went quiet and looked up at him. He smiled at them, but headed straight over to the armchair in the corner. A book of his was lying open on the arm rest.

He had only just sat himself down and picked up his book when Hannah surprised him by coming over to him.

"Harry," she began "I have come to realise that my treatment of you in the past has been unfair and, at times downright cruel. This is a result of my paying far too much attention to the Hogwarts rumour mill and I would like to take this opportunity to apologise to you. I also wish to express my hope that I might get the chance to get to know Harry Potter the person, as opposed to Harry Potter the myth. Susan tells me that she has been getting to know the real Harry, and he sounds like someone I would like to get to know."

Harry was so surprised that for a moment he was unsure of what to do in response.

Finally he settled on standing up and saying "Apology accepted. And if you are truly interested in burying the hatchet and starting again, than I will be more than happy to oblige."

Here he held out his hand to her and said by way of introduction "Harry Potter, pleased to meet you Miss…?"

Hannah smiled at him and shook his hand, replying "Abbott. Hannah Abbott, and I'm pleased to meet you too, Mr Potter."



* * *



That night as he settled into bed, Harry thought about the events of the afternoon. Hannah's apology had surprised him, but he had been even more surprised by how easily he had accepted it. But on thinking about it, he knew why he did so. Rather than simply give a cover all "I'm sorry" Hannah had also acknowledged what it was she had done wrong, which was he basing her opinions of him upon Harry the myth as opposed to getting to know the real Harry and basing her opinions of his upon what she found out. Susan had later pulled him aside to apologise for making the same mistakes as well.

Harry found that he much preferred that as the way to go in the future. If someone wronged him, they would have to acknowledge what they did wrong and apologise for it. It was what he was going to expect from Ron and Hermione once he was back at Hogwarts, anyway.

The afternoon spent in the company of Susan and Hannah had made for an interesting one to say the least. It had been the first time where he spent time with Susan where they were both just being kids, and Hannah had certainly helped out with that feeling, as one thing in particular that Harry had learned that afternoon was that Hannah had a slight crush upon Harry's dorm mate Neville Longbottom. Hannah had kept quiet on the matter, but her reddening cheeks as Susan teased her on the matter all but confirmed it. It had been fun to watch the two girls tease each other, especially when Hannah brought up Susan's soft spot for one Eddie Carmichael, a boy whom Harry only knew by name, along with the fact that he was a member of Ravenclaw house and was in the year above them at school

As he thought about it, Harry could not help but smile to himself. Hannah would be very good for Neville. The boy was very shy, and Hannah seemed like the kind of person who could help him to break out of his shell.

Perhaps he ought to introduce the two of them once they were all back at Hogwarts.

He didn't know enough about Eddie to decide whether or not he and Susan getting together would be a good thing.

On some level he doubted it.

Harry blew out the candle on his bedside table and closed his eyes to get some sleep. Between his successful meeting with the Minister, and his improving relationship with the two Hufflepuff girls, Harry considered today to have been a very good day.

Unfortunately for himself and everyone else in the house, his thoughts on the day had distracted him from completing a very important task.

Harry Potter went to bed without taking his dreamless sleep potion, and the house was once again woken up in the wee small hours of the morning by his screams.

That damned Horcrux had to go!



* * *



A/N: So what do you think? I thought that Harry explained his thoughts well enough, and his desires are not too unreasonable. Yes, Susan and Hannah have now patched things up with Harry, but everything is not yet completely rosy – that can only come with time. Harry does not really know either girl all that well yet, and nor they him.

Got some interesting responses to the "Lord" thing. There are no clear front-runners yet, but I do have my favourites. Keep the suggestions coming. The title is not that important for the story at the moment, and Harry won't be taking it for a while yet. If he does so know, he will be showing his hand to Dumbledore, and Harry's got Hogwarts to deal with yet.





*Chapter 8*: The Exorcism


			Once again, thanks to everyone who takes the time to read and review. It is very much appreciated!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 8: The Exorcism

The golden grilles of the lift rattled open, and the female voice announced "Department of Mysteries."

Sarah wrapped and arm around Harry's shoulders and asked "You okay?"

"Yeah," replied Harry with a nod, though he did not sound too sure of himself. His identity was once again concealed by a series of glamour charms.

"Come on," said Madam Bones as she exited the lift "the sooner we get this done the better things will be."

They stepped out into the corridor, the walls of which were completely bare, and contained no windows. At the far end of the corridor, however, there was a plane black door. To the left of them there was an opening that led to a narrow set of steps which led to the old courtrooms. The last time Harry had exited the Ministry lift on this level, he had continued on down those stairs in order to get to his hearing. This time though, he was led straight past them. Today they would be going through the plain black door at the far end.

As he got nearer to the door, Harry felt his scar prickle, causing him to wince.

"What's wrong?" asked Sarah, having noticed.

Harry shook his head and replied "Nothing. It's nothing."

That was a lie of course, he was not alright, and Sarah seemed to sense that, but said nothing more.

The closer they got to the door, the more the pain in his scar increased. He brought his hand up to rub it. It felt like he had a migraine.

"Harry what's the matter?" asked Sarah again.

"My scar," replied Harry, deciding to tell the truth this time "It feels like it's going to split my head in two."

"That might be the Horcrux," said Madam Bones in a low voice "If that thing is strong enough to attack you in your mind, then it might be able to sense what it is we are planning to do today and is trying to stop you from going through with it."

Sarah reached for the satchel that hung from her left shoulder and opened it. From within she took out a small corked vial that contained a liquid that was a light blue in colour.

"Here," she said as she handed it to Harry "It's a potion for mild pain relief and it should take the edge off. Drink it all in one go."

Doing his best to ignore the pain in his scar, Harry used his thumb to pop the cork out of the vial and then tipped the contents into his mouth before swallowing the lot.

The taste was not too bad, and within moments he could feel the pain lessening. It still hurt, but he was no longer being debilitated by it.

"Feel better?" asked Sarah as she took the empty vial from him and put it back into her satchel.

Harry blew out a breath nodded and then replied "Yeah. Let's do this."

Again as they moved closer to the plain black door at the end of the corridor Harry could feel the pain coming from his scar increasing. Thankfully though the pain relief potion was enough to allow him to continue on.

On the other side of the door they found themselves standing in a large circular room. The walls, the floor and the ceiling of this room were all black in colour, and the thirteen doors that stood at intervals around the room were all black as well, and each was identical to the last. Not one of them had a handle. On the walls between each of these doors there hung candles which burned with blue flames.

Now safely within the Department of Mysteries, Sarah waved her wand a few times to remove the glamour charms that his Harry's identity.

Immediately opposite them, one of the doors opened and through it came Cyrus Greengrass and the Unspeakable who had tested Harry's scar before, Algernon Croaker.

"Welcome, Harry Potter," said Croaker "To the Department of Mysteries."

"Thank you for allowing me to come here," replied Harry, knowing how secretive the Unspeakables were. He shook hands with both men.

"I trust that everything is prepared?" asked Madam Bones.

Croaker nodded and replied "Everything is in place. We have set aside a room in which to carry out the exorcism ritual. The required runes have been marked out. All that is left is to add a few finishing touches, for which we will require young Mr Potter's presence."

"Okay," said Harry "well, lead on."

Croaker looked up and said in a loud voice "Ritual Rooms."

The circular wall of the room began to turn anticlockwise slowly. It stopped a moment later, and one of the doors swung open.

Croaker took the lead, and the group followed on behind. Beyond the door was another corridor that seemed to go on for miles. Indeed the other end was not visible, even though the corridor did not turn at all.

In the walls on either side of the corridor there were more black doors. These looked almost as identical to each other as the ones in the circular room, but there was one significant difference to each door. They were numbered with small, golden roman numerals. Doors marked with odd numbers, such as one, three and five were located along the left wall, and the doors opposite them on the right wall were even numbered, two, four, six and so on.

"These rooms are where we carry out certain rituals," explained Croaker "Sometimes the only way to remove a dark enchantment from something is through a ritual. We hope to combine that practice with the ritual used to expel poltergeists from buildings in order to remove the Horcrux from you, Mr Potter."

Harry frowned, not entirely liking the sound of that "So this will be an experimental procedure? You've never actually done this before?"

"Unfortunately yes, this will be experimental," replied Croaker "Please understand though, Mr Potter, Horcruxes are very rare things indeed as very few people are prepared to live with the consequences of making one, and there certainly has never been a recorded instance of a living thing being a Horcrux. This is entirely new territory in a very poorly studied field. We aim to do the best that we can with what little we have."

Harry still was not entirely convinced by that, but he wanted the damned piece of his enemy gone, and so far this from the Unspeakables was the best option to be offered up.

The group came to a stop by a door marked with the roman numerals XLII.

Beyond the door they found a relatively small room, in which there were three other unspeakables. On the floor there were five small rocks, each one carved with a series of runes the meanings of which Harry did not even begin to comprehend, as he had not taken the option to study runes at school. Each of these five stones was joined to all the others by lines carved into the floor. These lines formed the image of a five-point star surrounded by a pentagon.

"The first thing that we are going to need from you, Mr Potter," said Croaker, who did not seem to feel it necessary to introduce his co-workers "is for you to add several drops of your blood to each rune on each rune stone."

At Harry's nod of understanding Croaker produced a knife and used it to place a cut onto the palm of Harry's hand.

Madam Bones shifted slightly but said nothing. Strictly speaking the use of blood in magic was forbidden by the Ministry, but the Unspeakables were exempt from many of the usual rules. And if it was going to help them to get one step closer to ridding the world of Lord Voldemort once and for all, then who was she to stand in the way?

Croaker led Harry to each rune stone in turn and allowed three drops of Harry's blood to drip onto each rune. Each rune stone contained ten runes engraved upon it.

Once every rune on each rune stone had received enough blood, the rune stone in question would glow an eerie red colour for a moment before reverting back to normal.

Once all five rune stones had been made to glow in this manner, Croaker used his wand to heal the cut on Harry's palm.

One of the other Unspeakables approached, holding a tray upon which sat two small bottles of clear liquid, and a small white cloth that appeared to be made from the fur of a puffskein.

"Next," said Croaker "we will need to expose the scar to two of the purest substances known to exist, the tears of a unicorn and the tears of a phoenix. This should help reduce the hold the soul fragment has."

He took the cloth and wetted it with the unicorn tears. He then wiped the wet patch of the cloth in several small circles over the point on Harry's forehead when the scar resided.

Harry felt the area begin to tingle pleasantly, and the pain being emitted from the scar lessened even more than it had as a result of taking Sarah's potion.

Croaker turned the cloth in his hand and wetted another part of it with phoenix tears. He then performed the same actions as before, gently rubbing the tears into the area of the scar. Harry found the pain coming from the scar to be lessening still.

Croaker set the cloth back on the tray and the Unspeakable holding it stepped away and set the tray down on top of a small table which was standing in the corner of the room.

"Now then, Mr Potter," said Croaker "if you could please set yourself down in the middle of the pentagon on the floor…"

Harry walked over to the middle of the pentagon and sat down facing the group.

"Now lie back with your head pointed in the direction of the topmost point of the star," said Croaker "and then extend your arms and legs towards the other points."

Harry laid back and stretched himself out as asked "Like this?"

"Nearly," said Croaker, stepping forwards. He adjusted Harry's right leg a little, and then turned Harry's head ever so slightly before stepping back out of the pentagon.

"What exactly is going to happen?" asked Cyrus.

"The ritual is in two parts," replied Croaker "The first is to push Harry's conscious back into himself. In doing so we will allow the fragment of Voldemort to come forwards. Once that has happened we aim to extract that fragment from the body then, without an anchor, it will pass on into the afterlife. Then we will return Mr Potter to his normal state, if extracting Voldemort has not done so already by that point."

Everyone nodded in understanding

"Right," said Croaker "Mr Potter, all we need from you now is to lie there and relax. My colleagues will shortly begin chanting the necessary incantations whilst I will be using spells to monitor your situation. If we require you to act in any way, we will ask. Understand?"

"I understand," replied Harry, doing his level best to relax, something that was surprisingly difficult to do when you knew that seven other people were currently watching you with interest.

Harry tried to make his mind go blank, to ignore the chanting that began to fill the air from the three Unspeakables.

"Liberte haec anima ab atrum labe. Tenebris custodia liberare animum istum in pace. Auferat mala liberabit de corpore sinit…"

The voices continued to repeat those words, but soon they became nothing more than a dull drone to Harry.

Around him a golden glow began to emanate from each rune on each rune stone, glowing brighter until each rune stone began to shine like the sun. The light began to spread from each of the rune stones. Like a liquid it travelled along the lines carved into the floor, causing the shape of the pentagon and the star within it to shine brightly.

The light then spread inwards from the lines, filling the entire shape with colour.

The floor beneath Harry was now shining brightly, but he barely noticed. The chanting of the Unspeakables was barely audible to him now.

The world seemed to be getting further and further away from him. A darkness had started to come in at the edges of his vision. The darkness grew more and more, but the light never faded. It was more like it was retreating. Soon he was surrounded in darkness, and the light existed as two small dots standing side by side somewhere above him.

Harry thought that it was almost as if his conscious self had withdrawn and shrunken back, almost as if it had stepped away from the controls of his body, and those two small dots of light represented where his eyes were.

In actual fact, he was not too far wrong with that thought.

It was actually quite pleasant. He felt as though he was floating in nothingness, with no ache or pain to annoy him.

There was no sign at all of the orbs that represented his memories. But then, he was not in his mind. His mind was with him, having pulled back as well.

It was so relaxing here. And so peaceful as well. He felt as though nothing could harm him.

"Hhhhaaaaarrrrryyyyyy."

The voice came out of nowhere, and seemed to pierce through him like the bite of an icy wind.

It was there. Voldemort' soul fragment was there with him.

Harry turned around, just in time to see two evil red eyes coming right for him.

He felt himself get bowled over by the wicked thing. He seemed to tumble uncontrollably through the nothingness that surrounded him, and although he could not see them, his arms and legs flailed wildly. Or at least the parts of him that used to control his arms and legs did.

And somewhere above him he heard that wretched voice, almost joyous sounding as it hissed "At last! At last this body is MINE!"

Harry tried to regain control of himself. Voldemort was about to try and gain control of his body. He could not allow that to happen.

Back in the room, Croaker made a noise of frustration as he cast another spell.

"Something wrong?" asked Cyrus.

Croaker shook his head "I don't know. Mr Potter's consciousness has fallen back as we had hoped, but something's not right. I'm really not liking some of these readings."

"Should we stop the ritual then?" asked Madam Bones.

"Yes, I think-" began Croaker, but the words died in his throat.

In the middle of the star, Harry had sat up. Or at least, Harry's body had sat up. When he opened his eyes they were not the usual emerald green that was associated with the boy. Now they were the evilest shade of red. Something associated only with…

He threw his head back and laughed, and it was not Harry's laugh. This one was high and cold.

He spoke.

"Did you fools honestly believe that you could defeat me? I, Lord Voldemort who has explored more magics than even the likes of the Unspeakables could ever even dream of? I, who has ventured further along the path to true immortality that any other has ever dared?"

He laughed again before continuing "Your foolish ritual has failed. All you have managed to do is allow me to take full control of this body, control which I have coveted for nearly fourteen years!"

He raised a hand and suddenly the golden light created by the ritual seemed to shatter as if it were glass. It fragmented, breaking off into small shards that continued to break down into nothingness.

Everyone had their wands trained on him, but with a wave of his hand he emitted a pulse of magic that had everyone off of their feet and slammed them into the walls around the room before collapsing to the floor.

By the time any of them was able to regain their feet, he had gone from the room.

Harry had heard everything and been horrified. He had managed to regain control of himself and was now trying to locate Voldemort. He had to take full control of his body again before someone got seriously hurt, or worse. Whether piece of Voldemort's soul would be expelled from his body or just revert back to its previous state was another matter entirely, and not all that important as far as Harry was concerned. He was determined to regain control of his body, one way or another.

Croaker got to his feet and curse loudly "He broke through the barrier."

"The barrier?" asked Madam Bones.

"Yes, we included a barrier in the ritual that was meant to prevent this from happening. That was why the light shattered in the way it did when Voldemort attacked it. We must not have made it strong enough. Damnit!"

He got up and jabbed his wand into a small groove that was carved into the wall.

"Red Alert, Red Alert," he shouted, and his voice echoed throughout the Department of Mysteries "Exorcism subject has escaped. All Unspeakables on hand to capture. Subject is dangerous, use extreme caution. Capture only. Repeat, Capture only."

Throughout the department, every flame on every candle had turned from blue to red, and an intermittent siren started up.

"Now what?" asked Sarah.

"Now we capture him and restrain him," replied Croaker.

"And after that?" asked Madam Bones.

Croaker offered up no answer as he and the other three Unspeakables left the room.

Amelia, Cyrus and Sarah all drew their wands and followed on.



* * *



One Unspeakable was already down for the count. As his blood trickled slowly from the wound on his head, Voldemort, using Harry's body and now wielding the Unspeakable's wand was rapidly making his way along the corridor, back towards the door that would lead him to the circular room.

When the alarm sounded several doors began bursting open and the Unspeakables moved to gain control. A few killing curses saw them retreating with fear. Voldemort briefly wondered why none of those spells had made contact, but quickly put it down to a combination of his not having used magic for some time, a lack of familiarity as to controlling the body he was in, and a lack of compatibility with the wand he was holding.

It did not occur to him that Harry Potter's will still had some sway over the body.

A stunning spell whizzed by his ear. He spun around to see a crowd of people, consisting mostly of Unspeakables, but also the three fools who had attempted to help the Potter boy, charging towards him. There were too many to kill, but perhaps…

He raised the wand and shouted "Bombarda!"

A large chunk of the ceiling broke away and crashed to the corridor floor below, creating a blockade well in front of the group. Voldemort did not think on that, instead he turned and continued running. Had he stopped to think, he would have wondered by he brought the ceiling down well in front of the group, rather than directly on their heads. Again, the will of Harry Potter held the answer.

He pushed open the door at the end of the corridor and found himself in the circular room. It was empty.

He knew that he ought to make good his escape, but at the same time he knew that there was something here, within the Department of Mysteries that he desperately desired. Something which he was sure held the key, the explanation of exactly what went wrong on that fateful Halloween night nearly fourteen years previously…

His other self, his true self sought this thing as well. This was his chance to get it. He needed to know the truth. He needed the hall of prophecies.



* * *



One of the doors in the circular room burst open and the group entered, but there was no sign of Harry's body.

"Where's he gone?" asked Sarah.

"He could be anywhere by now," replied Croaker.

He turned to a few of the unspeakables that stood gathered behind him "Frobisher, Bagwell, take a team and scour the other levels of the Ministry. Amelia, perhaps you should go with them and alert the Aurors.

"Right," replied Madam Bones before turning and leaving, accompanied by a group of eight Unspeakables.

Two more doors had opened, and the Unspeakables that came through each confirmed that there was no trace of an escapee in any of their sub-departments.

Croaker quickly set about organising search teams. In that time another five groups had arrived, confirming that there was no sign of the escapee in any of their sub-departments.



* * *



Voldemort had not found the prophecy room right away, but the sound of running footsteps had forced him to duck through the door nearest to him. He loathed running instead of killing, but at the moment he was unsure how much he could stand to take in this new form, and now was not the time to try.

While the door had not led him directly to the hall of prophecies, it had been kind to him. Only three Unspeakables had been in the room when he had arrived. Not trusting himself to be able to aim the killing curse properly, he had instead opted for a wide area debilitation spell. The three Unspeakables were down and out before they could fire a curse at him.

He had sealed the door shut behind himself and then taken the opportunity to have a quick look around. Ignoring the bizarre bell jar which contained a rapidly aging and de-aging humming bird, and ignoring the innumerable clocks that decorated the room, he approached a large, glass-fronted cabinet inside of which were stand many hundreds of small hourglasses. He opened the doors and took one out. It had a thin golden chain attached to it.

He knew what this was. It was a time turner.

Just as he was thinking about how fortune had always favoured Lord Voldemort, the door leading to the circular room exploded inwards. The suddenness of it all, combined with his shaky at best control over the body he was in made Voldemort drop the time turner in surprise. It smashed apart at his feet, but there was no time to worry about that now.

Nor was there time to grab another. A large group of Unspeakables had entered the room and had opened fire upon him. Voldemort managed to get a shield up as he launched himself towards the only other door leading out of the room.

He scrambled through it and sealed it shut behind him.

He staggered around for a few steps and then realised where he was.

He had walked straight into the hall of prophecies.

Row upon row of towering shelves stretched off in every direction for further than his eye could see. Upon these shelves sat thousands upon thousands of small, dusty glass orbs.

They were the recordings of every prophecy ever made since the beginning of magic.

Now all he needed to do was to find the prophecy relating to himself and the boy whose body he currently possessed.

There was only one problem, there were countless orbs to check, and time was not currently on his side.

He raised his wand and incanted "Accio prophesy."

Nothing happened. Deciding to be more specific he incanted "Accio prophecy referring to Lord Voldemort and Harry Potter."

Still nothing happened. Apparently the easy way was not going to work.

The door behind him gave a loud groan, signalling that someone was trying to get through.

Quickly Voldemort disappeared deep into the aisles between the shelves.

Behind him the door gave way and the Unspeakables entered. All around the enormous hall other doors were opening too.

Harry was now back before his eyes, but could not regain control. They were like windows that were six feet away from him, and he could not get closer. He was managing to fight against Voldemort just enough to keep his spells from becoming deadly, but he was struggling to gain any more control than that.

There had to be something, anything that could be used to loosen Voldemort's hold upon the control of his body, but he had no idea what that could be.

Voldemort raced between the aisles, his eyes scanning the shelves, checking for any sign that might tell him which prophecy was the one he sought, and all the while he listened for the sound of anyone getting too close.

Three Unspeakables appeared at the end of the aisle. He shielded against their curses, and then knocked them all off their feet. Another rounded the corner and aimed his wand.

Voldemort fired the killing curse, but it went wide, though it was enough to convince the man to back down. Voldemort turned back to the shelf behind him, his red eyes scanning furiously for some sign of the prophecy he was looking for.

"Harry?"

He spun around and saw the woman who had tried so hard in recent days to be to Harry Potter what his mother had hoped she would be.

She had her wand raised, but showed no inclination to fire a spell.

"Harry, if you can hear me you have to fight him," she said in an almost pleading voice.

Voldemort sneered, something that just didn't work on Harry's face. He raised his stolen wand and incanted "Avada Keda-NO!"

The wand dropped from the hand and clattered to the floor. Harry's body staggered backwards as his hands came up hold his head.

For the briefest moment, Harry had been in control.

Sarah summoned the wand to her and she caught it before she took a step forwards, but Harry's head raised up to face her, and she saw the red eyes of Voldemort once again.

He raised his hand and with a display of wandless magic he blew apart the tower of shelves opposite him. Sarah sprang back out of the aisle and pressed herself against the wall. She watched in shock as the tower of shelves toppled backwards into the row behind. Then that row crashed into the next, and then that one crashed into the next, and the next and so on in a terrifying domino effect. So many glass orbs smashing and crashing to the ground caused a deafening noise that left a ringing in the ears. All the way along back to the main entry points Unspeakables came charging out of the aisles as more and more rows of towering shelves came crashing down.

In all the chaos Voldemort continued on. He knew that there was every chance that he had just destroyed the prophecy that he was looking for, along with all those others, but it was a risk the he had had to take. Potter's momentary reclaiming of control had frightened him. Coming down here had been a mistake. He needed to get out of here, now.

Soon he was locked in battle once again. He quickly obtained a cut on his right cheek, and his left arm was left all but useless by a numbing charm. But he had knocked out his opponents and stolen himself a new wand.

Doubling back on himself proved a useful way to go, as many of the Unspeakables were either injured or simply left stunned by the collapse of the shelf towers. He only had to engage a dozen of them in battle before he had found a door.



* * *



"What happened?" asked Cyrus, as they moved along back towards the doors, the ringing still in his ears.

"Voldemort tried strike me with a killing curse," replied Sarah "but Harry managed to break through just long enough to put a stop to it."

"He has been battling the soul fragment for years," said Croaker "even if only on a subconscious level. It makes sense that he can take back control like that."

"Is that the best we can hope for?" asked Cyrus "That Harry can take control of his body again?"

"There are other things we can try," said Croaker "But Harry doing it himself might be for the best."



* * *



Fortune it seemed did not always favour Lord Voldemort. The door he had run through had not brought him back to the time room. Instead he was in a room filled with large models of the planets, their moons and the stars.

There were two doors leading out of this room, other than the one he had just come through. After a moment's thought, he had decided on going through the one to his right.

But as he made for it, the door swung open to admit several Unspeakables, along with several Aurors and Madam Bones herself.

A quick spell saw the many moons of Jupiter providing a nice distraction for them, allowing Voldemort to dash towards the other exit.

He found himself in the circular room again. There were Unspeakables already there.

Quickly he shielded himself from their spells and backed towards another door, even as the Aurors began to spill out of the room that he himself had just left.

Another door opened and those from the hall of prophecy came through into the circular room as well. Voldemort backed through the door and ran.

The two Unspeakables were hurled against the walls, though not as hard as Voldemort would have liked.

He knew the reason for it.

"You'll not regain control of this body, Harry Potter," he said as he set off down the corridor he currently found himself in "I am too strong for the likes of you to overpower."

To his horror, Harry Potter replied using the body's own mouth.

"I kept you down for nearly fourteen years Tom. And I can do it again."

"You are a fool Harry Potter," replied Voldemort, and once again he was in control of the mouth "You are a fool who will lose everything. I shall use your body to destroy all that you hold dear, and you will be powerless to do anything other than watch."

"You can't kill them Tom," replied Harry "Or haven't you noticed that I won't let you?"

At the other end of the corridor that he was currently running along, a group of unspeakables, numbering at least twenty if not more, came into view and began running towards him.

"They will catch us Tom," said Harry "You cannot run from them forever, and I will not allow you to kill them."

"They will not stop me," replied Voldemort "They are too worried about hurting you."

The door through which he had come now had an army swarming through it, and Voldemort knew that he was trapped between the two groups.

"They need not harm my body, Tom," replied Harry "Only bind it. And then you shall find yourself forced from it, and you will join your fellow fragment in hell. You know, the one that was bashed from your old diary by my hand?"

Someone fired a disarming spell and the wand in the hand of Harry's body was torn from its grasp.

Voldemort found himself surrounded.

Desperately he took his last option and threw the body that he now only had a loose hold on towards the only door he could get to.

Several people raised their wands, but none fired.

The door swung open and he staggered almost drunkenly into the room.

And then he screamed.

For that room was the one room in the Department of Mysteries dedicated to studying the power of the very thing that Voldemort could not understand. The very thing that had vanquished him fourteen years previously.

Love.

Those outside stepped forwards to get a better look.

Harry's body stood with its back to them, emitting a scream in Voldemort's voice.

But them the scream stopping coming out of Harry's mouth. Instead it came from his scar, which burst open, emitting a black, tar-like ooze that quickly dissolved into a black mist that continued to scream with Voldemort's voice even as it faded into nothingness.

Harry's body went limp and slumped backwards.

Sarah Abbott came forwards and caught him.

Before he lost consciousness, Harry managed to say in a very weak voice three small words.

"I did it."



* * *



A/N: Sometimes fate does not favour Lord Voldemort. Sometimes Harry Potter is one lucky bugger!

So how was that? Hopefully the events of this chapter make up for the lack of proper action so far, and the time between this update and the last. Don't worry about the Aurors, all shall be explained.

Oh, and in case you are wondering, the incantations for the ritual: "Liberte haec anima ab atrum labe. Tenebris custodia liberare animum istum in pace. Auferat mala liberabit de corpore sinit." means "Free this soul from its dark taint. Release the hold of darkness and allow this mind to be at peace. Remove evil from this body and allow him to be free"

Well, that's what I put into Google Translate, anyway.





*Chapter 9*: The Minister Makes His Move


			Sorry this has taken so long – reasons for this, if you are interested, are noted at the end.

Previously I have tried very hard to keep this story from Harry's point of view as much as possible, but I felt that this chapter was a good place to look into the other three factions and how they are coping with current events.

Enjoy.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 9: The Minister Makes his Move

It was a while before Harry Potter woke up following his ordeal. Without opening his eyes, he tried to get his bearings, but he could not tell where he was. The smell and the general feel of the air about him suggested that he was in a medical facility, but it certainly was not the Hospital Wing of Hogwarts Castle. There was hardly any noise to be heard, just a few people breathing. Ignoring the sounds of his of breaths, Harry guessed that there were two other people in the room, but who they were he could not tell.

One thing he knew for certain however was that he ached all over. Every muscle in his body seemed to be throbbing slightly in pain.

Deciding to discover just where he was, Harry opened his eyes.

"Mr Potter," said a man's voice as his eyes opened "Welcome back to the land of the living."

Harry blinked several times before making to sit up. Before he could shift too much, however, a hand was placed onto his chest and he was gently pushed back down onto the pillows.

"Easy there Harry," said Sarah Abbott, the one to whom the hand belonged. She raised a small crystalline goblet to his mouth and instructed "Drink this."

Without question Harry drank the potion contained within the goblet. It tasted awful, but almost immediately he felt the dull ache in his muscles ease off.

"How are you feeling?" asked Sarah.

"Alright," replied Harry "But what happened? Where am I?"

"You don't remember?"

Harry shook his head, no.

"You are in one of the healing rooms of the Department of Mysteries, Mr Potter," said the man's voice again. Harry looked over to see that it was the Unspeakable, Algernon Croaker.

That kicked Harry's mind into gear, and he asked eagerly "The exorcism, did it work? Is Voldemort's soul fragment gone from my body?"

"No and yes," replied Croaker.

"I don't understand," said Harry "How can that piece of Voldemort's soul be gone if the exorcism didn't work?"

"During the process of the exorcism the soul fragment managed to take control of your body, Mr Potter," said Croaker "Using its knowledge and your power it was able to break free of the magical barriers we had in place. We were then led on a merry chase throughout the Department of Mysteries until you yourself were able to regain control of your body. In doing so you forcefully ejected the soul fragment from your body and it was destroyed."

Harry shuddered "Voldemort had control over my body? How many people were killed?"

"Fortunately for us, no one died," replied Croaker "With you in at least partial control, any killing curse fired simply missed completely. Your courage and strength thwarted him that much right from the beginning. We had quite a few injuries when half of the Hall of Prophecies was brought crashing down on all our heads, and some of those injured were in a bad way, but nearly everyone has recovered. One or two will require a few more days' bed rest, but otherwise they're all fine. In fact the only person in the past twelve hours that we have had to worry about is you."

"Me?" asked Harry, who was trying to get his head around the fact that he had nearly killed so many people- 'No' he told himself 'Voldemort nearly killed them. I was doing my best to hold him off… I was the reason he hit no one with the killing curse…' He needed to keep on telling himself that, as the only other option would lead to a dark and spirally path of depression.

"The effort involved in fighting such a strong opponent for so long left you magically exhausted," explained Croaker "To be honest we are surprised that you have recovered so quickly. Usually it takes around a week to recover from the level of exhaustion you were suffering from."

"So how long have I been unconscious?" asked Harry.

"A little over forty eight hours," answered Sarah "It's Sunday evening."

Harry nodded thoughtfully before asking "So how did I get rid of the soul fragment? You said that I forced it out of my body, but how…?"

"It was a combination of your determination to not allow him to hurt anyone, and the added benefits of a room here in the Department of Mysteries that you managed to stumble into."

"What room is that?" asked Harry.

"It is a room dedicated to studying a magic that is older than any other," replied Croaker "A magic that is also perhaps the least understood, especially by the cruel and the wicked."

"And what is that magic?"

"Love" said Croaker "Through some strange means that we do not even begin understand, your entering that room, with so much ambient love-based magic in its atmosphere somehow weakened the soul fragment, and it began to scream as if in pain, allowing you to force it out."

Although that seemed vague, Harry thought he understood "So the evil creation of Voldemort could not survive contact with magic that was so pure… and innocent."

Croaker gave a single nod of his head in answer.

"Why don't I remember any of what happened?" asked Harry.

"It is to be expected," said Croaker "Magical exhaustion on the scale that you attained is usually accompanied by temporary memory loss, especially with the trauma of your situation. Now, I've kept your attention long enough. Get some rest."

And with that he left the room.

Harry remained quiet for a few long moments before turning his head towards Sarah and asking "So, what else have I missed?"

In answer, Sarah picked up a copy of that morning's Sunday Prophet and handed it to Harry.

The front page was dominated by a picture of Cornelius Fudge, standing alongside Dolores Umbridge, Madam Bones and number of others, all of whom Harry recognised from his trial before the Wizengamot.

Above this picture was the headline "Wizengamot Seeks Hogwarts Reform."

The article below read;

In a surprise move last night, the Wizengamot cast a majority vote in favour of instigating a reform to education at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. So far the only known subject provided by the school's curriculum to be targeted is History of Magic.

In a press release immediately after the Wizengamot session concluded, Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge stated "We have been concerned about the standards of education received by our children at Hogwarts for quite some time now. Our initial major concern was with Defence Against the Dark Arts, a subject which has been taught by a new teacher every year for quite some time, leading to disjointed learning for the students. However a far more serious threat to the quality of education at Hogwarts has been brought to the forefront of our concerns. History of Magic is regarded as a dull lesson by almost every student within the school, and it is not helped in the slightest that the subject is being taught by a ghost. Further investigations proved that since his death in the early eighteenth century, he has not kept up with increasing standards. Nor do the more recent events of our history make it into his lessons."

Wizengamot Elder and Governor of the Wizarding Examinations Authority Griselda Marchbanks had this to say – "I've always liked and respected Albus Dumbledore, the current Headmaster of Hogwarts, but one thing that we have always disagreed on is the teaching of History of Magic. Albus likes to insist that Professor Binns is as capable a teacher as anyone, but the examination results of the past few centuries tell a completely different story. No one bothers to take the subject for their N.E.W.T level examinations, instead electing to drop what they perceive as a tediously dull subject altogether."

When asked how the Ministry planned to rectify this travesty, Minister Fudge replied "Well to start with we voted in favour of casting a ban on ghosts holding teaching positions. Now that is not to say that a ghost cannot pass on knowledge or advice if it so chooses, but they can no longer be a professor at the school. Of course with it having been several centuries since anyone took a higher level qualification in the study of History of Magic, our choices for a new professor were extremely limited. In the end we elected to send in Dolores Umbridge, the Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic, to act as Professor and to get a full assessment of the situation we now find ourselves in."

Lucius Malfoy, a close friend and confidant of the Minister for Magic had this to say – "It pleases me to no end to see that the Ministry is finally stepping in to take control of the seriously falling standards within Hogwarts School. Concerns about the running of the school have been voiced for years, but Albus Dumbledore's supporters' have always managed to block all attempts to make some serious headway with reforming the running of the school. This is the first positive step, of what I hope will be many, taken by the Wizengamot to address the quality of education provided by Hogwarts."

However, not all parties appeared pleased with the outcome of the vote. Elphias Dodge, a long-time supporter of Albus Dumbledore, commented "Quite frankly it is an absolute disgrace. Albus Dumbledore has always run a tight and secure ship at Hogwarts and it will only be after the Ministry interferes that trouble will begin."

To read more on this story, see pages two, three, four, five, six and seven.

To read about Elphias Dodge's alleged dealing with rogue goblins, see page eight.

"Holy crap," exclaimed Harry, setting the paper down "Fudge got her into Hogwarts."

Sarah nodded and said "They circumvented Dumbledore completely. When they tried with the Defence Against the Dark Arts post they were just trying to slip someone into Hogwarts. Now that they have put someone in there to investigate the state of things, Dumbledore really has little to no wriggle room. He might be powerful, but even he cannot block a Ministerial investigation."

"I thought that Fudge was going to wait until just before the start of term to make this particular move," said Harry.

"That was the original idea," acknowledged Sarah "But your arrival at the Ministry on Friday did not go entirely unnoticed. The glamour charms did work, but apparently someone thought that the unknown young man being escorted through the building by the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement warranted further investigation. Dumbledore spent all of that Friday sniffing around the Ministry, calling upon every one of his contacts in each department, as well as a few other people, in an attempt to discover who you were. Madam Bones had a word with the Minister and they agreed that Dumbledore's attention needed diverting, so they called a Wizengamot session for last night, keeping Dumbledore out of the loop. By going after Binns Fudge was able to tackle a weak point, with even some of the staunchest Dumbledore supporters having to concede that something had to be done. There were only a handful of cases like old Elphias Doge's."

"So it's going ahead then," said Harry "the whole plan?"

Sarah gave a nod in reply before saying "You have meeting with the Minister to attend on Tuesday afternoon, so that everything can be finalised."

Harry nodded, fully expecting that to be when the Minister would ask him to be the student who assisted Dolores Umbridge in her Hogwarts mission. He still felt a little unsure about taking up such a role, but it had been he who had played a large part in creating this situation, and while he no longer had any doubts about Hogwarts needing a severe inspection, he knew that an overzealous Ministry bureaucrat like Dolores Umbridge was likely to do more harm than good. The students of Hogwarts, no matter how Harry felt about many of them, would need protecting, and if it fell to Harry to do so, then he would. He just needed to do it in a way that ensured that once Fudge and Umbridge came crashing down (as they would when the truth about Voldemort's return was finally revealed for all to see) that he, Harry, would not be dragged down with them.

He also did not entirely know what he wanted to ultimately happen to Dumbledore. He was sure that the man would be very useful in the inevitable war against Voldemort and his wicked forces, but at the same time Harry had had his eyes opened to the real man behind the grandfatherly mask, and people needed to stop believing that all of their problems could be solved by that one man. It was detrimental to society. He had never thought about it before recent events, but there very much as an attitude at school, especially amongst the Gryffindors, that anyone who did not believe that the sun rose in the sky because Dumbledore willed it to was obviously a dark wizard or witch of the highest order.

That attitude in the least had to go.



* * *



Albus Dumbledore was beyond furious. In fact, he could not remember the last time he had been this angry.

How dare that bumbling buffoon Cornelius Fudge, the supposed Minister for Magic, attempt to interfere with his running of his school?

What hurt worst was the fact that there was nothing that Dumbledore could do to stop it. The Wizengamot had voted, with the vast majority voting in favour of the action.

There were, of course, some members that Dumbledore expected this kind of thing from, for they and their families had long sought to supplant him. But that the likes of Griselda Marchbanks had voted in favour of this move was a shock. He counted such people as friends, and their not trusting him to run his school in a suitable manner was as unexpected as it was unacceptable.

This could easily be the start of a long and slippery slope, as anyone with an above average level of brain power would be able to turn this to their advantage. With his running of Hogwarts being called into question, the public would begin to doubt him and others within the ranks of the Wizengamot would gain the courage to make further attempts to go against his will.

This was exactly what he had hoped to avoid when he had retracted his statements about the return of Lord Voldemort. The earlier attempt to force Dolores Umbridge onto the staff through that educational decree had been a nuisance, sure, but had thankfully been avoided by simply filling the post of Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor before the new school year began. This time there was nothing that Albus Dumbledore could do to prevent that woman coming to Hogwarts, and he knew it.

If he attempted to block her placement in the castle, then the Ministry would accuse him of refusing to co-operate with their review of the History of Magic class, and that would only cause the public to doubt Dumbledore even more.

Obviously the Daily Prophet would then ask the key question of "what did he have to hide?"

Too much, was the answer to that. Dumbledore simply could not afford to have the Ministry snooping around Hogwarts castle, reviewing the staff. In fact, the four members of staff that they were most likely to want to get rid of (and in one case already had) were also key pawns in his on-going chess game, which featured the whole of wizarding Britain as the board.

Cuthbert Binns had been essential in keeping the students, particularly the Muggleborns, ignorant about the truths of their world. By keeping the focus of the History of Magic lessons on Goblin Wars, the Muggleborns were left ignorant of the fact that the pureblood run society was stacked heavily against them. Most would struggle to find work after their school years, and inevitably those who did not get stuck in menial positions at the Ministry, or were not fortunate enough to land an apprenticeship with a more open-minded individual (of which the wizarding world contained few) would inevitably end up returning to their roots in the Muggle world, moving in with their parents and working in low-paying jobs in order to put themselves through adult classes.

Those Muggleborns leaving the wizarding world after their schooling did not worry Dumbledore – they had served their purpose and were free to leave. The thing was, Hogwarts School could not be run without Muggleborns. No Pureblood ever liked to hear this, but it was the truth. Hogwarts needed Muggleborns because Hogwarts was not funded by the Ministry. It relied heavily, almost solely, upon admission fees to survive and, of course, Purebloods were not overly fond of parting with their money, especially as for most of them their family name along could get them a well-paying job, whether they were qualified to do it or not. Many Purebloods sent their children to Hogwarts in order for them to "network and connect" with the education being a secondary desire.

Charge the Purebloods too much and they would leave. Therefore Muggleborns paid around three times as much in tuition fees, as it was the only way to keep the school financially viable. If those Muggleborns learned the whole truth about the magical world before their time at Hogwarts was over with, then the mass exodus that was sure to follow would cripple the school's finances and force it to be closed.

Binns was needed in order to keep them ignorant until after their schooling was done.

Sybil Trelawney was also needed in the castle. Not for keeping people ignorant, but for her own safety, and to ensure that Dumbledore maintained the upper-hand against Voldemort.

Before that fateful Halloween night when Harry Potter received his famous scar, Trelawney had made a prophecy to Dumbledore, one that linked Harry Potter to Lord Voldemort, the latter of whom had heard only part of it and reacted by attacking the Potter family. After the events of that Halloween night, Voldemort was sure to be looking to hear the entire thing, and keeping Sybil Trelawney secure inside Hogwarts Castle was best for everyone, even if the quality of Divination classes had to suffer for it.

Severus Snape made for a very poor teacher and, despite all evidence to the contrary, Albus Dumbledore was well aware of that fact. The man was spiteful, ill tempered, biased and had an extremely short fuse, all bad qualities for a teacher to possess. Yes, he was a genius when it came to making potions, but he simply lacked the temperament to pass that knowledge on to others, particularly young students. The man had an attitude of "I already know this, therefore everyone else should as well, and if you don't then you are just a dunderhead and it's not my problem to deal with you."

Nevertheless, Severus Snape was an essential person to have at Hogwarts. As Dumbledore's spy within the ranks of Voldemort and his Death Eaters, the man had to be seen as being close to Dumbledore. Having Snape at Hogwarts ensured that illusions were maintained, and allowing the man to be ruthlessly biased in favour of the Slytherins and against everyone else, especially the Gryffindors, made sure that the offspring of the other Death Eaters sent home nothing but praise for the man. And what did teaching a generation of students to correctly brew potions matter when compared to getting all the information he could on Voldemort's activities?

Rubeus Hagrid was another example to that mould, but in a different shape. To give him his due, the half-giant was very knowledgeable about the various magical creatures found across the globe, especially those of which that were found in the forest, lake and mountains that surrounded Hogwarts. But the man did not have the right temperament to pass that information on. This was not out of a cruel streak like Snape, but rather a combination of his own misconceptions and the relative ease with which he could become flustered. The man had a fixation on large and dangerous beasts and assumed that everyone else felt the same way. And he led students such as Draco Malfoy get under his skin far too easily.

Despite this, Hagrid was still essential to Dumbledore's overall schemes. First of all the man represented a kind-of beacon of hope, although most might not recognise it. With a half-giant occupying a prominent role at the school, people would be led to believe that it was indeed possible to overcome odds that are heavily stacked against you in order to become someone important. That illusion went hand-in-hand with the reasons for Binns' boring lessons, making Muggleborns believe that Wizarding society is not as biased as other evidence points out.

The second reason for Hagrid's importance was that he was one of Dumbledore's "yes" people, much like McGonagall. Hagrid was one of the more extreme examples of the kind of people who thought that the sun rose in the sky because Dumbledore wanted it to, and therein laid his main use. Dumbledore had ensured that Harry Potter befriended Hagrid very early on, and with the half giant going around telling anyone who would listen what a great man Albus Dumbledore was, Harry Potter was sure to develop a similar mind set.

Especially when coupled with his friendship with the Weasley family, another example of strong fans of Dumbledore.

On the subject of Harry Potter, that was where Dumbledore's other chief concerns lay. Following his trial at the Ministry on the twelfth of August, the boy seemed to have simply disappeared, and his continued absence was greatly troubling to Albus Dumbledore.

He had called upon many of his contacts within the Ministry, but he had received nothing in return but for a couple of vague hints. From what he could gather, the trial before the Wizengamot had come to a halt and Harry had left the courtroom to attend a private meeting with Minister Fudge and Madam Bones in the Minister's office. Where he went after that was unknown. What was known was that the trial had been completely called off, with Harry Potter being acquitted of all charges.

So Harry had not been expelled from Hogwarts, he had not been placed into Azkaban prison, and he had not returned to the house of his relatives.

It was infuriating that the only two people who likely knew for sure, Minister Fudge and Madam Bones, were also currently the last two people on earth who would disclose that information to him.

The only saving grace available was that with the involvement of Madam Bones, Fudge was not likely to have done something stupid like send Harry to live with the Malfoy family.

Albus Dumbledore had a sinking feeling that Harry Potter was now in the care of Madam Bones, and with each hour that passed that feeling only got worse.

While she was most assuredly a light-sided witch, Amelia Bones was not one of Dumbledore's staunch supporters and was one of few who were likely to bring him to task when she felt he was acting in an inappropriate fashion.

And if she were to ask the right questions, there was a lot of things she could discover from Harry Potter that Dumbledore really did not want her knowing.

And if she ever got even the slightest hint about those potions in Harry's system…

Dumbledore shuddered. He did not like to think what would happen then. He was sure that he could use his influence to survive the fallout, but there would then be too many questions asked of certain others, and of Severus Snape and Poppy Pomfrey in particular.

It was infuriating that his spy at the trial, Nymphadora Tonks had gotten caught before completing her mission. He had been quite surprised that Madam Bones had come down on her as hard as to take away her Auror badge and boot her out of the Ministry.

But he supposed that he ought to have been thankful, as even though it caused the disappearance of Harry Potter, it allowed him to hire the young metamorphmagus to fill the post of Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor and thus prevent a Ministry spy entering Hogwarts.

Well, prevented it until Fudge pulled this latest stunt.

Sometimes Dumbledore felt like the entire world was against the greater good.



* * *



Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, was sitting in his study at home having a quiet celebratory drink.

And why shouldn't he? He was delighted.

After his first attempt had failed, he had now successfully secured Madam Umbridge a place within Hogwarts Castle. Once there she could not only revolutionise the teaching of History of Magic, but also assess the situation with the rest of the school, and also keep an eye on Dumbledore, collecting evidence for when they eventually brought him to task for seeking to overthrow the Ministry.

To be honest though, that was not why he was celebrating, as that decision had been passed by the Wizengamot yesterday, and he had already celebrated that idea.

No, what he was celebrating today was the rather brilliant idea that had come to him just a short while ago. With Dolores Umbridge securing a position within the castle, the Minister had turned his attention to one to the ideas voiced by young Harry Potter.

In their meeting the boy had suggested that the Ministry appoint a student to assist Madam Umbridge in her work. A kind of prefect who worked with her to make the school a better place.

Fudge had spent some time pondering just which student he ought to put into that role. For a brief time he had considered contacting his old friend Lucius Malfoy and asking if his son would like to take on the role. However he had heard through the grapevine that Lucius had been bragging about young Draco receiving his prefect's badge. That meant that the boy had been nominated by his head of house and approved by Dumbledore.

Draco Malfoy therefore was no longer an appropriate candidate.

The puzzle of just who to choose had then troubled Fudge for a short while longer. Then, quite by chance he had passed by Arthur Weasley talking to Perkins and overheard the balding red-head tell the other man that his youngest son Ronald had been made a prefect.

A quick check had shown that Ronald Weasley was a classmate of Harry Potter's, being in the same year and the same house.

And with that discovery Fudge had discovered the perfect candidate for his plans for Hogwarts. For Harry Potter, the very person who had suggested the idea in the first place, had not been made a prefect by Dumbledore.

It made perfect sense: the boy was well known, likeable, and had a good amount of respect for the Ministry.

Yes Fudge could see it now. He would have his people in Hogwarts, and have the endorsement of Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived to support him in his endeavours.

It was fool proof.



* * *



Peter Pettigrew was a nervous man at the best of times. His current situation only made this worse.

His master, Lord Voldemort, had collapsed more than two days ago, and had shown no signs of waking up ever since.

Peter was currently tasked with waiting by Voldemort's bedside, watching and waiting for any sign that his master might be beginning to come around. His task would be to alert the healers immediately.

But by Lord Voldemort's bedside was a bad place to be. It left Peter Pettigrew vulnerable.

When he eventually awoke, Lord Voldemort was very likely to want to know what had happened, and as yet no one knew the answer. And not having the answer to something that Lord Voldemort wanted to know was a sure fire way to get yourself hit by the cruciatus curse.

And given a choice between a healer and Peter Pettigrew, the rat animagus knew exactly who the Dark Lord would aim for.

All things considered, today was not a good day to be Peter Pettigrew.

And that ghastly snake curled up in the opposite corner or the room was doing nothing to improve matters.



* * *



A/N: Well there you go, I hope that you enjoyed that.

Again, sorry for the wait, but I do have a valid explanation. As regular readers of my author's notes may remember, during the writing of chapters five and seven, I had trouble with focusing on writing – I was not in the right mood and could not get there either. Between the last chapter and this one, I was struck with a different problem, one from the other end of the scale. Creative juices were most certainly flowing, but unfortunately they would not be focused upon the continuation of this story, or any of my other on-going projects. Instead I was hit with an idea for another story, ideas for which just kept on coming, and as they came I wrote them down before I could forget them. It does not yet flow coherently, and instead exists as a series of disjoined notes, bullet points and paragraphs that will need putting together at a later date. Although I now have the notes, I refuse to even contemplate beginning to upload it until such a time as my already on going stories are reduced in number, as I currently have two on-going Harry Potter stories (this one and Jack O'Lantern, which I really need to get back to) one on-going Pokémon story (the anime rewrite) one Harry Potter story on hiatus (Court of Magical Brethren) and one Pokémon story on hiatus (Johto Adventure, which may end up being taken down altogether). Not only that but there is also a possibility of adding more to the "Time Magic" story, and was as more related material to be added to "Logic."

Quite enough for me to be getting on with.

The new story will see the light of day (it is too good not to) but not yet.

Thankfully (at least as far as this story goes) the flow of ideas for that story has subsided for now, and I can continue with this one and others.





*Chapter 10*: Contract of Employment


			Here's the next chapter of this little story. I hope you enjoy it.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 10: The Contract of Employment

There was a knock at the door of his office, interrupting his studying of the immensely dull paperwork before him. Thankful for the excuse to turn his attention to something else for a bit, the Minister for Magic called out "Come in."

The door opened and a woman came in. She was short, with a wide face and very little in the way of a neck.

She was wearing her usual pink cardigan, and as was normal she had a small black bow in her hair.

"Ah, Dolores," exclaimed Fudge "I trust you are all set to go for our meeting with young Harry Potter this afternoon?"

"Indeed I am, Minister," Dolores Umbridge replied in her simpering, girlish voice "However, I once again find it necessary to ask why you feel that this needs to happen. Do you really trust my abilities so little that you would charge a student who has yet to take his O.W.L. examinations with overseeing me in my duties?"

Cornelius shook his head and replied "My dear Dolores, that is not what is happening at all. As I have already told you several times before now, I have every confidence in your abilities to bring order back to the running of Hogwarts School. Young Mr Potter is going to be acting in a different role to you. In some ways he will be your assistant, helping out with certain tasks that you find you require assistance in. But he will also act as a barrier between you and the students.

"The purpose of this plan, as I have already told up, is to restore order to the school and, naturally, complaints of the students must be listened to and considered as a part of that– it is the place where they are educated and their home for the majority of the year, after all. With your teaching post and your job sorting out the staff and curriculum you will be busy enough without having to endure being disturbed at all hours by any student who has a minor complaint. Mr Potter will be the one to listen to their complaints and anything inconsequential he will ignore, anything that he can handle himself he will and anything that you will need to know about he will inform you of."

Dolores nodded her head. The Minister could tell that she wasn't happy about it, but was accepting of it. However she continued to talk.

"But why Harry Potter, of all people?" she asked "Just a few short weeks ago the Ministry of Magic was going out of its way to discredit the boy, and now you are offering such an important role to him."

"It turns out that we were wrong about young Mr Potter, Dolores. The boy was tricked by Dumbledore into taking part in a plan that would have overthrown the Ministry had it succeeded. When the plan failed, Dumbledore abandoned it but left Harry to take the blame for it. Mr Potter realised this and has since apologised. He whole heartedly approves of the Ministry's new stance on Hogwarts, and wishes to support our efforts in any way that he can."

"But why use him for this?" asked Umbridge "Surely there are better candidates? Why not Lucius Malfoy's son? He's respectable lad from a respectable family."

Fudge shook his head and replied "I am afraid, Dolores, that it is not that simple. Yes my first thought was to enlist young Draco Malfoy for the role, but since then I have learnt that the boy was given the role of prefect for his house and year group."

"And why should that stop him being a viable candidate for the role?" questioned Umbridge.

"Because a candidate for the position of prefect is nominated by his or her head of house and is then either approved or rejected by the Headmaster. And the last person we want in this vitally important role is someone with Dumbledore's approval as that casts doubt on our ability to rely on them."

Seeing that his senior undersecretary still did not look happy, the Minister continued "Look at it this way, Dolores. We will have someone on our side who is already not happy with Albus Dumbledore, and who is not in his debt. Harry Potter will be able to look at things in a way that most students will not. He no longer has the rose tinted vision of Dumbledore that the old man likes to ensure that everyone has."

And then he added "And on top of all that, the Ministry's actions will get the endorsement of the Boy Who Lived. It is a win-win situation for use, Dolores."

Though still frowning, the woman nodded her head and said "Very well. I shall trust that you know what you are doing, Minister."

She got up to leave. At the door she turned and asked "Will the boy be getting paid for his role, Minister?"

Fudge looked momentarily surprised by the question before replying "Of course. The amount will be arranged between myself and Mr Potter after the main meeting this afternoon."



* * *



Harry was starting to get used to this. Once again he was being escorted through the Ministry by Madam Bones whilst under a disguise provided by a complex series of glamour charms, placed upon him by Madam Bones and Sarah Abbott.

On Sunday he had spent what little of the day that had remained after he had woken up resting in the bed provided to him by the Unspeakables in the Healing Room of the Department of Mysteries. Then, during the early hours of Monday morning the healer tending to him gave him the all clear to leave, and he was escorted from the Ministry building by Sarah Abbott before the majority of the employees began turning up. He had still been under glamour charms then as well however, even with there only being a few night duty staff knocking about the building at that time.

Shortly before he had left, however, Unspeakable Croaker had spoken with him once more, and informed him of a surprising titbit of information. Amongst the many prophecies that had been destroyed through his Voldemort induces rampage through the Department of Mysteries, there had been one that may or may not have connected Harry himself to Lord Voldemort.

Harry had been surprised to learn this at first, but with it destroyed, and no written record of it anywhere, he quickly came to see that there was no real reason to worry about it. It seemed that Voldemort did not know of the contents of this prophecy either, and Croaker had admitted that with neither party involved ever knowing the contents of the prophecy, it was highly unlikely at it would ever come true, as prophecies more often than not were self-fulfilling, meaning that knowing the prophecy usually meant that the one it applied to would follow it until the terms stated came to completion, even though they did not have to. A prophecy was a possibility, not an obligation, after all.

Harry had spent most of Monday following the orders of the healer by getting plenty of rest. He had talked to Susan during that time. She was very relieved to learn that the piece of Voldemort's soul that was lodged within his scar was gone.

-Flashback-

"Do you feel any different now that it has gone?" she asked him.

Harry pondered her question for a few moments before responding "I don't know. My thoughts seem a little clearer, if that makes any sense. And there used to be a kind of niggling sensation in my mind, but that has gone now. As to anything else, I couldn't really say. I don't feel any different physically. And I haven't been able to practice any magic yet, so I don't know if there has been any change there. I don't really feel any more powerful than I was."

Susan nodded, but replied "I expect you mind find a change. After all, your magic had been fighting that thing for a very long time."

"Yeah, maybe." replied Harry, thoughtfully "Either way, I'm just glad the wretched thing is gone. Ever since I was told what it was I felt dirty. Now that it's gone I feel clean."

-End Flashback-

Standing in the Ministry lift, Harry frowned slightly as he thought of the topic their conversation had eventually come to. They had been discussing the old families again, and during the discussions of wealth, Susan had grown concerned over something that she had considered a grievous error.

-Flashback-

"What do you mean you don't get account statements from Gringotts?" asked Susan.

Harry shrugged and replied "It's probably because I'm still underage or something."

Susan shook her head and said "Everyone who has an account at Gringotts should get regular statements informing you of the current status of your account. Even if you are under age. Okay, maybe you are not currently entitled to get statements for the entire Potter family fortune, but you do have a trust account don't you? Something set aside by your parents for your school years. Tuition fees, books, clothes and the like?"

When Harry gave a nod in reply she carried on "Then you should get statements for that. Something to let you know that your tuition has been paid in the correct amount, something to tell you how much you have left in the vault, something that informs you if anything is added to your trust vault from the family vaults. I get updates once a month regarding the money that my parents left for me in a trust fund."

She shook her head again and continued "I don't like this Harry. This is information that you really should be getting. Justin from my house at school gets monthly statements as well, and that's just for the few hundred pounds his parents converted to wizarding money and set aside for his future. If your trust fund is covering your tuition fees then it must have more money in it than Justin's, and yet you're not getting those statements while he is. I think we need to inform Aunty of this. Something is really wrong here."

-End Flashback-

Harry had not been sure just how to bring up such a problem as that with Madam Bones, but at dinner that night Susan had broached the topic of him having a bit of an issue, before giving him a pointed look that informed him that he should provide a full explanation.

Harry told Madam Bones everything he could about his bank statements, or rather their mysterious absence, and the Head of the DMLE had liked this information even less than Susan had. Their half-eaten dinners were forgotten as she grabbed his arm and led him from the dining table and to a desk in her study where she had him write out a letter to Gringotts bank.

Hopefully this was just some massive oversight on the part of the Goblins of Gringotts. However, given how ignorant Harry had been left about his family, and the potions that Sarah Abbott had found in his system during her scans, Madam Bones smelled a conspiracy.

Harry was brought out of his reminiscing by the nasally female voice announcing "Level One. Minister for Magic and Support Staff."

Harry and Madam Bones both stepped out of the lift and made their way along the corridor to the Minister's office. Once inside, Harry was finally officially introduced to his soon to be co-worker.

"Harry Potter," said the Minister after thoroughly shaking his hand in greeting "this is Dolores Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic, and future Professor of History of Magic and High Inquisitor at Hogwarts School." he gestured towards the flabby faced woman for Harry's benefit, not that he needed her pointed out to him as that hideous cardigan made her impossible to miss.

Fudge turned to the woman and said "Dolores, this is Harry Potter, who has been gracious enough to offer to assist us in our efforts at Hogwarts."

"A pleasure, Mr Potter." said Madam Umbridge, through a smile that failed to reach her cold, dark eyes. She held out a hand, the stubby fingers of which were covered in old and rather gaudy rings.

Swallowing forcefully against the bile that was trying to rise in his throat, Harry reached out and shook her hand before replying "The pleasure is mine."

He was going to have to ask Sarah for a bowl of disinfectant potion to bathe his hand in later, followed by a full scan for possible contamination.

The Minister and Madam Bones quickly exchanged a few pleasantries, which was followed by a very terse exchange of greeting between the two women in the room. Clearly Amelia Bones had no love for Dolores Umbridge, and it was just as clear that the feeling was mutual.

"Right then," said Fudge "down to business."

Harry wondered if perhaps the Minister sensed the tension in the air between the two women and was wisely changing the topic from that of greeting to why they were there. Or perhaps he was giving the man too much credit.

Either way, Harry snatched at the offered change with both hands and said "While I will agree with you Minister in saying that I will gladly assist the Ministry in any way I can as they make necessary reforms at Hogwarts, I do not see what I, specifically, could do."

There was no sense beating around the bush. Harry knew what the Minister wanted to ask of him, and he knew what his answer was going to be, so they might as well get straight to it.

"Well," began Fudge "I imagine that you recall our last meeting, in which you suggested that we appoint a student to assist Madam Umbridge in her work as well as act like a problem solver for other students."

Harry pretended to think for a short moment before giving a nod of his head and confirming "Yes, I do remember suggesting something like that, now that you mention it."

"Well we were hoping," the Minister continued "that you would be the one to accept this post."

He gave a pointed look to Umbridge as he said the word "we."

Harry feigned a look of surprise and asked "Me, Minister? Why me?"

"To put it simply, you are the best candidate that we could think of," replied the Minister "Every time I have spoken with you, you have shown yourself to be a very respectable individual who takes matters seriously."

Harry suspected that his status as "The-Boy-Who-Lived" played much more of a part in this decision that anything else, but wisely chose to not point that out.

Instead he feigned flattery and said "Why, I am honoured, Minister, that one of a station such as yours should think so highly of me."

The Minister and his Undersecretary both missed it, but that comment earned Harry a look from Madam Bones, one that said something that Harry privately agreed with. He was laying it on just a bit too thick.

But it was working, because Fudge commented "It is the truth, Mr Potter. And any other would be foolish to not see it."

"Thank you," said Harry "I must admit to being tempted by your offer, but I suppose it would be wise to enquire as to what my duties will entail, exactly."

"I'm glad you asked, Mr Potter." said the Minster "It would be prudent, however, to inform you first of the role which Madam Umbridge will be taking."

He opened a drawer in his desk and pulled out a role of parchment, which he promptly unfurled and began going through it.

"Now, Madam Umbridge's primary reason for being stationed at Hogwarts School is to fill the post of Professor of History of Magic. In this capacity she will assess what needs to be done to bring the course up to speed as it has fallen dramatically behind international standards. She will advise the Ministry, particularly the wizarding examinations authority as well as myself, as to what needs to be done to put the course back on track."

"During this time the student assigned to assist her will settle into their capacity as the listener to students' problems,"

He addressed Harry directly at this point and said "I rather thought that "Student Advisor" would be an appropriate title for the role."

Harry gave a nod and replied "Sounds good to my ears, Minister."

"The Student Advisor will be charged with listening to the problems and complaints of his or her fellow students, and acting as they see fit, resolving what they can whilst reporting anything that they cannot deal with themselves. This includes dealing with any complaints against both staff and prefects. The Student Advisor will have the authority to question the decisions of the prefects, as well as reprimand them. The Student Advisor will also attend staff meetings in order to act as the voice of the students."

The Minister continued "After reviewing her own course, Madam Umbridge will be officially appointed to the role of Hogwarts High Inquisitor. In this role she will be charged with reviewing all courses provided by the school, as well as carrying out Ministry approved assessments of all staff, both academic and support, in order to determine their suitability to deliver what is required. During this she will also have the power to oversee disciplinary action against students, and adjust any given punishment as she sees fit. Also, in the event of the Headmaster being removed from the school by the Ministry, all staff not reviewed and approved by the High Inquisitor will be suspended without pay pending the results of further investigation. Also in that event the High Inquisitor will replace the Headmaster of the School."

"One the High Inquisitor is in place, the Student Advisor will be appointed as Junior Inquisitor. Alongside his or her previous duties, the Junior Inquisitor will now also be required to conduct reviews of the prefects of all houses as well as the head boy and girl in order to determine that they are suitable for the role they were given, and will be able to remove them from those posts should they are deemed to be inefficient. The Junior Inquisitor will be charged with reviewing all those involved with the school's inter-house Quidditch tournament, and will have the power to remove from the teams any player who either shows themselves to be undeserving of their position, or if the student in question is failing to keep up with their studies between training sessions and matches. The Junior Inquisitor will be able to assist members of staff in overseeing disciplinary action against students (observing detentions). The Junior Inquisitor, acting as the voice of the students, will also be granted a say in any and all future educational decrees considered by the Ministry of Magic. Also in the event of the High Inquisitor being unable to perform all of her duties the Junior Inquisitor shall deputise for her and carry out those duties to the best of their abilities."

Harry gaped slightly before commenting "Wow. That certainly is a lot to ask of one student."

"Afraid you're not up to the task, Mr Potter?" asked Madam Umbridge, her unpleasant smile genuine this time.

"Oh, I do not doubt that I could do this job," replied Harry "But there is a slight problem with how it might affect my own personal studies. There is also the question of how I am supposed to fit all of that work around my usual lesson plan."

Fudge looked down at the list on the parchment on the desk before him and frowned slightly "I suppose you are right."

"Perhaps," Harry offered "there might be a way around this issue. Once the Student Advisor is appointed to the role of Junior Inquisitor it would be prudent to appoint assistants."

"And how might we do such a thing?" asked Madam Umbridge.

Harry thought for a few moments before commenting "Prefects are selected by the staff and then pretty much forced upon their fellow students whether they like it or not. Perhaps it would pay to take the idea of a prefect but appoint them differently."

"How so?" asked the Minister.

"An election," replied Harry "You know, like how a new Minister is appointed. Various students could put themselves forward for consideration, and their fellow students vote. The winner gets the job of Assistant Student Advisor. I'm thinking we maybe do one per year group, although that might intimidate the first year and second year candidate, and there is the house rivalry between Gryffindor and Slytherin to consider…"

"There is an easy way around that," replied Madam Bones "One student, per house, per year. That way everyone gets a voice."

"That seems like a perfect idea, Madam Bones." said Fudge.

"There is just one problem though," said Harry, thoughtfully "What incentive do we give them to take on such a responsibility?"

"I would imagine," said Fudge "that like the position of prefect, Assistant Student Advisor would look good on one's résumé."

"Perhaps they should receive a Ministry recognised certificate of merit," said Harry "You know, something to prove that they held a position of responsibility that was approved by the Ministry of Magic itself."

Fudge clasped his hands together eagerly "A wonderful idea, Harry. Yes, a Ministry approved merit. Excellent thinking. I trust that that you will be taking the position then?"

"I believe I will," replied Harry "After all, if Assistant Student Advisor will look good on the résumé, I can only image how good Junior Inquisitor will look."

"Excellent," said the Minister "You will of course be rewarded for your efforts, the details of which we will discuss shortly."

"Of course," Harry continued "I will need to make a few arrangements. I will need to resign from the Gryffindor Quidditch team. In fact it would probably be best if I dropped Gryffindor house altogether. As I said the house rivalry between Gryffindor and Slytherin is going as strong as ever. My being associated with one particular house over another will make some students far less likely to approach me. I believe that I will have to appear neutral in all aspects."

"Good thinking," replied the Minister "I'm sure that the castle can provide you with private accommodation."

"What about contingency plans?" asked Madam Bones.

"What in the name of Merlin do you mean, Amelia?" asked Madam Umbridge.

"Contingency plans," repeated Madam Bones "You know, back up plans. We use them all the time within my department. Something to fall back on in case things go wrong."

Harry nodded and commented "Sounds smart, especially as we will be at Hogwarts, where all sorts of strange things happen."

Fudge had a thoughtful expression on his face as he asked "What kind of contingency plans might we need?"

"Well, there should always be something in place in case someone is compromised," replied Madam Bones "Suppose someone decided to stun Madam Umbridge here and replace her with another person who used Polyjuice potion to imitate her." Here Madam Umbridge visibly bristled, but Madam Bones went on unabated "What would happen then? I mean, there are not guarantees that we would find out right away, but when we eventually did so, what would need to happen."

The office was quiet for a moment before Harry offered "How about in the event of the High Inquisitor becoming compromised, all staff reviewed and approved by her will be suspended without pay pending the results of the ensuing investigation."

"Excellent," said Fudge "I can see that we certainly are going to benefit from having you on board, Mr Potter. Now then, for obvious reasons we are concerned that our upcoming actions may cause quite a stir. Usually I would not ask this of anyone, but do you think that you might do us the courtesy of providing an interview with the Daily Prophet? It could do a lot to assuage people's fears, especially as you yourself will have a key role in all of this. Both Dolores and I will be doing so as well."

Harry thought carefully for a few moments before replying.

"I suppose that it could not hurt to give them an interview. The world deserves to know the truth of what we are doing, after all. However, I will not be a Ministry mouthpiece, Minister. I will gladly tell them of anything that you are doing that I approve of, but I reserve the right to speak negatively about anything that I believe the Ministry to be doing wrong. I have to preserve my own reputation, after all."

"And is there anything that we are doing that you disapprove of?" asked Madam Umbridge with a dangerous edge to her voice.

"No, there isn't," lied Harry "And I hope that it remains that way. But as Madam Bones rightly pointed out, we have to have contingencies."

Fudge studied him for a few moments before giving a nod of his head and replying "Very well. All I can ask in return is that if we do run into such a problem down the line that we can discuss it in a proper and civilised manner before anyone talks to the Prophet."

"That's fine," replied Harry "Oh, and make sure that the reporter isn't Rita Skeeter. I simply cannot stand that woman."

Fudge looked surprised and said "Didn't you know, Mr Potter? Rita Skeeter no longer writes for the Daily Prophet. She disappeared for two weeks at the end of the last school year, turned up out of nowhere and handed her notice in. Said something about "learning her lesson"."

"Huh," was Harry's very eloquent outward response, but on the inside he said "Well, at least that proved that Hermione is still good for something."

The conversation went on for a while longer, discussing a few finer points as well as what Harry would be getting paid for his role. They all agreed that it would be best to not tell the world of Harry's role yet. It would be better left secret until he was back at school, as this would make things a bit more difficult for Dumbledore.

The interview was scheduled to take place on the 1st of September at eight o'clock in the morning in the Minister's office. From there Harry would go directly to the Hogwarts Express. Once at Hogwarts, both Madam Umbridge and Harry would address the entire school during the welcoming speech, and the Prophet interview would be in the Prophet the following morning.



* * *



On the highest floor of Gringotts Wizarding Bank, in a large office there sat a stately looking Goblin behind a large mahogany desk.

He was furious, beyond anything that he had ever felt in his life before. In his hand he clutched a letter from one of the banks most important customers, a letter that provided damning evidence against many, ether wizard or goblin. Or perhaps even both.

It read

"To the Goblin Director of Gringotts Wizarding Bank,

My name is Harry James Potter and I should like to express a few grievances that I have had in the way that my accounts are being dealt with.

Until very recently I was unaware that I should be receiving monthly statements regarding my trust vault, provided to me by my parents in order to oversee my schooling as Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

The problem is that I have not been receiving those statements, and this has left me in doubt.

I am hoping that this was merely an oversight by the employees of Gringotts, and something that they will hasten to correct. The only other possibility is that there is a sinister plot afoot.

If it is the former, then please make the appropriate chances as soon as possible and start sending the statements for my trust fund directly to me. I would also request that all possible statements regarding the past of my trust be sent to me as well. Should this be done, then I will take no further action.

However, if there is something more sinister going on, please let me know as soon as possible. By all means investigate the issue, but please do nothing to tip off the guilty as there currently seems to be several attempts to manipulate me going on and we are trying to avoid them getting wind of current investigations into the matter. I request that any information that you might find be forwarded to Madam Bones of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement of the Ministry of magic so that she might continue to build her case. Again please begin sending me statements from my trust fund, if it is possible to do so without alerting the guilty. And again please include copies of all previous statements.

I understand that Gringotts takes its security seriously, and so do I. As such I enclose three of my hairs and a blood sample to verify my identity. If this is not satisfactory, and you would prefer a meeting face to face, please contact either Madam Amelia Bones or Healer Sarah Abbott and they will make the necessary arrangements.

Yours in good faith,

Harry James Potter.

Ragnok the Goblin gripped the piece of parchment that the letter was written on so tightly that it crumpled up in his clawed hand. He did not need to meet the boy in person, as he had been advised correctly and the samples provided gave him all the information that he needed to know.

As the Goblin Director, he knew instinctively that this was no mere oversight on the part of his people. The employees of Gringotts Wizarding Bank did not make mistakes like this one. Like Madam Bones and Mr Potter, the Goblin Director smelled a conspiracy. And he knew exactly who the main culprit was. How many times had there been requests made to meet with the heir of the Potter family only for that man to decline on the boy's behalf, after ensuring them that he was acting in loco parentis?

Ragnok would do everything in his power to sort this out. Not only was one of Gringotts most important accounts at risk, but so was the bank itself as well as the entire Goblin nation. He would personally ensure that every scrap of information that they unearthed on this case was presented to the head of the DMLE.

The reputation of the nation depended upon it.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? I hope you enjoyed Harry playing with the Minister a little in this chapter. There should be enough foreshadowing here as well to be going on with. I'm thinking that the next chapter will contain a slight time-skip to September 1st with Harry boarding the train. Like here the important bits of what was skipped will be explained in flashbacks, and we will also get to see Harry in action and he makes his new position known the length of the Hogwarts Express.





*Chapter 11*: Aboard the Hogwarts Express - Part 1


			Here we go with chapter eleven, and Harry is finally on his way back to Hogwarts!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 11: Aboard the Hogwarts Express - Part 1

It was very noisy on the platform. Dozens of Hogwarts students were milling about, greeting friends and excitedly discussing what prospects the coming school year would hold as their anxious parents attempted to check and double check with their children that they had packed everything that they would need at the castle. Voices shouted, people laughed and various owls hooted and cats mewed. In just five minutes time, the Hogwarts Express would be departing, beginning on its long trip north from Platform 9 ¾ at Kings Cross Station in London to Hogsmeade Station, somewhere up in Scotland.

A second year girl ran along one of the carriages, screaming out excitedly to one of her friends, and in doing so she also woke up one of the occupants of one of the compartments she passed.

Harry blinked a couple of times before sending a glare towards the door of the compartment. This was pointless of course as the girl who woke him was now three doors down.

Harry was currently seated in a compartment with Susan and Hannah. The three had arrived two streets over from the station with Sarah twenty minutes ago. For security reasons Harry had entered the station, and Platform 9 ¾ two minutes after Sarah, Susan and Hannah. He was once again disguised, but this time through the use of Polyjuice potion. The extra precaution of his arriving separately was used in case the platform was being watched. On his own, Harry could simply blend in with the crowd and likely draw absolutely no attention to himself. However had he entered with the others, any half observant watcher would note an unknown travelling with the small group.

The precaution was proved to have been necessary when Harry spotted Alastor Moody lurking on Platform 9 ¾, no doubt keeping a close watch on the barrier for Harry's arrival.

With his disguise in place Harry was able to walk straight across the platform and get onto the train without Moody noticing.

Once he was on the train, Susan had voiced the opinion that her Aunt would be most interested in the fact that it was Moody who had been on the platform on Dumbledore's orders.

Harry had taken a seat and closed his eyes. He hadn't gotten much sleep the previous night as he had spent most of it going over his plans in his head. Even though there had been much preparation during the previous month for coming events, today was the day where all those plans kicked into gear. Thankfully the meeting with the journalist from the Daily Prophet at the Ministry that morning had gone off without a hitch, with Harry giving a prepared statement, followed by one of two follow up questions that had not been too hard to answer.

The really difficult tasks, however, were still lying ahead of him. The prefects meeting would be first, and was not entirely sure whether he was looking forward to it or not. He had been informed that Draco Malfoy was one of the new Slytherin prefects, and Harry could hardly wait to see the look on the ferret's face when he realised that Harry ranked above him. However it would also be a moment of reckoning, the moment that his new position would be revealed to everyone. And that was when the real pressure would begin.

He would have to make a lasting impression on the prefects, and a fair few of them were older than him, making that task harder. He would lay out the new rules for them, and leave it up to them how they responded. If he ended up having to take one of their badges in order to get his point across then so be it. If he had to make an example of one prefect to ensure that the rest fully understood the situation, then Harry had no qualms about doing so.

"Feeling sleepy?" asked Susan.

"No," Harry replied "Just practicing my occlumency."

"Sure you were," replied Hannah with a smirk.

Harry's occlumency had taken a definite upturn in the time since the Horcrux had been removed from his body. Just the night before Cyrus Greengrass had announced that Harry's shields were now strong enough to keep out gentle legillimency probes, the kind Harry was slowly becoming certain that Dumbledore used on him on a regular basis.

Sarah had mentioned that she was surprised at how quickly Harry had mastered the basics of occlumency, but Cyrus suggested that Harry's magic probably already had a grasp of the basics, even if he himself did not know it. Harry had managed to prevent Voldemort's soul fragment from taking over his mind for nearly fourteen years, after all. And most of that had occurred before Harry was even aware of his magic. Harry had asked and Cyrus confirmed that this was likely why Harry had been able to throw off the imperius curse on several occasions in the past. Harry's magic knew how to shield his mind, even without his knowledge of it happening. Now he just had to take all of that magic that once kept the soul fragment blocked off and train it to protect his entire mind even more strongly than before.

Aside from learning occlumency, Sarah had insisted that Harry learn several important spells as well. Madam Bones secured a temporary permission form from Mafalda Hopkirke that allowed Harry to practice these spells only. They were revealing spells, designed to detect potions and poisons in his food and drink, as well as any compulsion charms or similar enchantments on objects. With the potions that had earlier been found in his system almost certainly having come from Severus Snape, or someone else in the Dumbledore-Worshippers (D-W) Club, the learning of these spells were deemed to be just as necessary for Harry to learn as occlumency was.

"They're here." Susan announced.

Harry leaned back in his seat. His disguise was still in place, but he did not want to be seen looking just in case.

"Who, exactly?" he asked.

"The Weasley family" replied Susan "Well, most of them anyway. Ron, Ginny, the twins, both parents and the older brother who turned up to watch the third task of the Tri-Wizard tournament."

"Anyone else?" asked Harry.

"Looks like our defence professor from third year is with them as well," said Hannah "Lupin."

Harry nodded to her before Susan added "Our defence professor for the coming year is out there as well. And Kingsley Shacklebolt."

"Who?"

"He's an Auror," said Susan "Supposed to be one of the best. I wonder what Auntie will make of that?"

"There's a big black dog too," said Hannah "Oh, and there's Granger. She's got your owl with her, Harry. In a cage."

Harry's eyes darkened. So Sirius could not be bothered to make contact with him all summer, and yet here he was now, hoping to ambush him with the rest of the D-W Club on the platform. And Hermione was with them all as well, having kept his beloved Hedwig a prisoner all summer.

"They're all making their way over to Moody." observed Hannah "Must be wanting to know if he's seen you."

"Looks like your two old friends both made prefect this year." said Susan.

Hannah turned to Harry and commented "I do so hope that you won't go giving them special treatment now, Harry."

He snorted derisively and replied "Not likely. But I won't be biased against them either. All prefects get the same chances. Three strikes and they're out."

Susan nudged her friend and said "Hear that Hannah? Three strikes only, so don't you go embarrassing Hufflepuff house, alright?"

In reply the new Hufflepuff prefect stuck out her tongue at her best friend.

Harry rolled his eyes at their antics and commented "I very much doubt that many will push me that far. A couple might get to two strikes, but three will be rare. Hopefully."

"So who do we think will be first to go?" asked Susan.

"Malfoy or Weasley, most likely." replied Harry "Depends who abuses their position the most as to who gets stripped of their post first. And it depends on other students reporting misdemeanours by prefects. I expect that Malfoy might be able to bully others into keeping quiet, but I expect that the Gryffindors might be more willing to complain about Weasley."

"What about Granger?" asked Hannah.

"I may end up having to give her at least one strike before the message sinks in as she can be quite stubborn at times," said Harry "But she is also sensible enough that a strike will make her realise the reality of the situation."

"Do you think that she'll ever come around to your way of thinking?" said Susan.

"Maybe," said Harry "I don't know if she will ever see Dumbledore from my point of view, but hopefully she will realise that what I am trying to do is the right thing."

"You think she could still be useful to you?" said Susan.

"She is intelligent," said Harry "And intelligence is a valuable asset, especially in the face of the relative stupidity of your average witch or wizard. She could be useful, but only after she has learned the hard way what blind obedience to Dumbledore will get you."

Neither Susan nor Hannah complained when he made a dig at wizarding intellect. Both knew all too well that many of their fellow magic wielders did not have an ounce of logic in their heads, instead relying far too much on magic to provide a solution for every problem that came their way. The Potter, Bones and Abbott families were amongst the few who were still able to utilise logic as it was in their best interests to do so. Their businesses dealt with muggles on a frequent basis, after all.

Suddenly the train's whistle sounded loudly, alerting everyone that the Hogwarts Express was about to leave the station. Outside the last few stragglers, including the four Weasley children and Hermione all darted towards the train.

A few moments later the train set off, blowing out another long note, this one of farewell. All along the train students were leaning out of windows to shout and wave final goodbyes to their families. Harry saw Sarah standing in the crowed, waving to both Hannah and Susan. Then she glanced towards him and winked. Harry smiled back, and remembered how, just before leaving Bones Manor for the train station Sarah had given him a kiss on the forehead and pulled him into a hug. It was the kind of thing he used to imagine his own mother giving him when he was younger – comforting and reassuring without being smothering, like Mrs Weasley's hugs tended to be.

The train pulled out of the station and slowly the building disappeared from sight. Unseen by muggles, the train made its way out of the city of London unimpeded and was soon trundling past countryside.

"Your hair is turning from brown to black." observed Susan.

Harry nodded and stood up. He felt his features morph and change back to those that belonged to him, as opposed to those of the random muggle boy whose hair had gone into the Polyjuice potion.

"Right," said Hannah "Prefects' meeting then?"

Harry nodded and joined the blond Hufflepuff in exiting the compartment.

"Good luck!" Susan called after them.

Harry gave her a brief thumbs up before disappearing down the corridor.

"Any idea who the other Hufflepuff prefect is?" asked Harry as they made their way down the corridor.

"No idea," replied Hannah "It's probably Ernie, but he was holidaying in France for most of the summer, so I haven't been able to contact him to ask."

The prefects' compartment was located right near the front of the train, so they had to pass by quite a few other cabins to get there.

"How the hell do you stand it?" hissed Hannah as they passed through a fifth carriage.

"Stand what?" asked Harry.

"All the staring." said Hannah "I've only been walking next to you for about a minute and it's already driving me up the wall."

Harry looked around to see several faces gawking at him through the glass panel in the nearest door.

"You learn to ignore it," replied Harry "Trust me, if I didn't, I'd have snapped a long time ago."

They finally arrived at the prefects' cabin. Looking through the glass in the door they could see that Head Boy Roger Davies, a Ravenclaw, and Head Girl Patricia Stimpson, a Hufflepuff, had already begun to hold court.

"Patricia Stimpson for Head Girl," observed Harry "Really?"

"Yeah, why?" asked Hannah "What's wrong with her?"

"Well, nothing really," said Harry "But didn't she have some kind of nervous breakdown during her fifth year because of the pressure of the O.W.L. exams?"

"She had a few panic attacks, nothing more." replied Hannah "And so what if she did?"

"Well what are the teachers playing at putting her in the role of Head Girl when past events show that she doesn't handle stress too well? Don't forget she'll be taking her N.E.W.T. exams this year, and they're much worse than O.W.L's."

"Maybe the stress won't get to her this time if she's already used to it," suggested Hannah "Come on. It's time for your grand entrance."

"Right," said Harry "Well, here goes nothing."

He reached for the handle on the compartment door and pulled it back.

The people in the room all went silent as every eye turned towards the door. Harry glanced around at the prefects for his year group and saw that both Ron and Hermione were already seated. Draco Malfoy was there too, sitting next to Pansy Parkinson. Padma Patil and Anthony Goldstein were the prefects for Ravenclaw house and Ernie Macmillan was there representing Hufflepuff.

Hannah made her way across the compartment and sat herself down in the empty seat next to Ernie, which was obviously reserved for her given the badger emblem stitched into the back. The sixth year prefects were Geoffrey Hooper and Bianca Dunstan for Gryffindor, Eddie Carmichael and Cho Chang for Ravenclaw, Eric Summerby and Heidi Macavoy for Hufflepuff and Adrian Pucey and Rosalie Pritchard for Slytherin. As for the seventh years, Gryffindor was represented by Kenneth Towler and Emma Puckle, Ravenclaw by Marian Green, Hufflepuff by Maxwell Parkin and Slytherin by Ross Harper and Sophia Baddock.

With this year's Head Boy and Girl being appointed from Prefect positions, there was a grand total of twenty four people.

Draco Malfoy was the first to speak up. In his characteristic drawl he said "Potter? What on earth do you think you're doing here? I know you can barely function without your pet mudblood by your side, but surely you can last an hour on your own?"

Harry smirked and commented "That's a bit rich coming from you, Draco. Tell me, where are those strapping young book ends that you never seem to go anywhere without?"

Malfoy's face turned red very quickly, but before he could offer up a retort, Roger Davies spoke up "While I do not condone the language he used, Malfoy does have a point, Potter. This is a prefects' meeting and any student who is not a prefect is not allowed in."

"Yeah, Potter." said Pansy "Shove off."

"Actually, I am allowed to enter this meeting." replied Harry "It is a part of my new duties, you see?"

"What new duties?" asked Cho.

Harry undid the zip on the jacket he was wearing and reached for the inside pocket. He pulled out a small roll of parchment, which he unfurled. He then cleared his throat and began to read aloud.

"Educational Decree Number 25

Harry James Potter is hereby assigned to the post of Student Advisor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The Student Advisor is charged with listening to the problems and complaints of their fellow students, and acting as they see fit, resolving what they can whilst reporting anything that they cannot deal with themselves. This includes dealing with any complaints against both staff and prefects. The Student Advisor will have the authority to question the decisions of the prefects, as well as reprimand them. The Student Advisor will also attend staff meetings in order to act as the voice of the students. The Student Advisor will regularly liaise with the prefects, including attending their meetings, in order to ensure that they are up to the task of operating in the best interests of not only their fellow students but also the school as a whole.

Signed,

Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic.

Griselda Edwina Marchbanks, Governor of the Wizarding Examinations Authority.

With a grin on his face, Harry looked up from the parchment and began to roll it back up as he took in the looks on the faces of those gathered.

Most looked either confused or surprised at this revelation. Others, most notably Ron and Draco looked to be about ready to explode with anger. Hannah was grinning amusedly at the array of reactions. Hermione however looked introspective.

"So there you have it." said Harry, tucking the roll of parchment away "You all have a job to do, and it is my job to make sure that you are doing it."

"Why would the Ministry do this?" asked Bianca Dunstan "Do they not trust us to do our jobs?"

"I'm not going to lie to you," said Harry "There have been a few issues with the choice of prefects in the past. Cases of prefects abusing their positions have been reported but never acted upon. As the staff of Hogwarts have made it repeatedly clear that they cannot be bothered to address these issues, the Ministry has seen fit to ask me to step in as an independent body. Someone to help things run more smoothly, you see? If a student has some kind of problem with a prefect, they can come to me rather than a Professor and we can work towards sorting out the situation. Similarly, if any of you are ever faced with a difficult problem, you are more than welcome to come to me and seek my help."

"So you're here to help us as well as control us should any of us go mad with power?" asked Anthony.

"In a nutshell." replied Harry "It is my hope that we can all work together to help Hogwarts to function better than ever before."

"And what do you get out of this, Potter?" asked Pansy "The title of prefect means something once we get out of school. Does yours?"

"It most certainly will," answered Harry "I am doing this at the Ministry's request, after all."

"Any rules?" asked Roger.

"Just a couple," said Harry "From now on there is a "three strikes and you're out" system in place for all prefects. For the first strike you serve two nights detention. For the second you lose privileges. For the third, you lose your badge. Understand?"

Everyone nodded, though some did not seem happy about it.

"The punishments may seem harsh," said Harry "But as prefects you are supposed to lead by example, and therefore must be held to a higher standard than most. Trust me when I say that I do have the authorisation to do this. I do not wish anyone in here to get three strikes, but if you do I will not be lenient on any of you. If any of you are caught bullying, and I promise you that I will find out if you do, you will be in for a world of pain. Is that understood?"

Getting another round of nods from everyone, Harry turned back to the Head Boy and Girl. "Roger, Patricia, I believe that the two of you had the floor?"

Hannah turned to the girl next to her and hissed "Budge up, Pad."

Padma Patil shifted a little to her right as Hannah moved to her left. The blond Hufflepuff then patted the space between herself and the Ravenclaw prefect and Harry moved to sit down.

It was a bit of a tight squeeze, but neither girl was particularly feeling like complaining.

"A guy could get used to being in positions such as this one." commented Harry as he pulled out a muggle note-pad and a self-inking quill. Hannah nudged him with her elbow.

Roger shook his head and carried on with the meeting. Harry was pleased to see that the majority of the prefects saw what he was doing and took it on board. Even Pansy Parkinson had the good sense to take out a bit of parchment and a quill in order to jot down a couple of notes.

Ron on the other hand seemed to be perfectly content to let Hermione take all the notes whilst he busied himself with gazing vacantly out of the window. Draco chose to spend the rest of the meeting glaring in Harry's direction rather than pay attention to what was being said.

Harry made sure to jot that down in the margin.



* * *



Harry was just making to follow Padma out of the compartment when he noticed out of the corner of his eye that Hermione was trying to gain his attention. Not feeling up to dealing with her just yet, he ignored her. Thankfully he was separated from her by Bianca, Marian, Heidi, Geoffrey and Eric so he could convincingly pretend that he hadn't spotted her.

What he really wanted was to confront her outright, and demand that she return Hedwig to him, but now was not the time to do such things. Instead he followed Padma out of the room, having agreed to assist the Ravenclaw prefects as they took the first patrol. Actually he was going to be assisting each house in turn; the Ravenclaws were just up first.

Surprisingly quickly he found himself along in a corridor with only Cho Chang for company.

Given that Harry was the last person to see her late boyfriend Cedric Diggory alive, this had the possibility of getting very awkward very quickly.

His own personal crush on the girl certainly would not help matters.

"So, did you have a good summer, Harry?" she asked.

Harry gave a shrug in response before saying "It was alright, I suppose. Learned a couple of things, but that's about it."

"Hannah have anything to do with it?"

"Why do you ask?"

"You just seemed very comfortable sitting next to her in the prefects' meeting. I've never noticed you having much to do with her before now."

"Well, I got to know her a bit better over the summer months I suppose." replied Harry "Turns out her mother was friends with mine when they were at school together. I got in contact with her in the hopes of finding out more about what my parents were like."

"But that's not all that happened to you, is it?" Cho asked.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that the Daily Prophet was saying some strange things during the first month or so and then went quiet. I mean that my father was approached several times by different individuals who seemed to be trying to locate your whereabouts. And I mean that you've turned up on the Hogwarts Express with a position of authority under your belt that had to come from somewhere."

"That, Cho, is a very long story filled with lies, ignorance, betrayals and yet more lies that I am only just beginning to understand myself."

"So what's the short version?"

"The short version is that the world is about to change and many are going to fall. I hope to be one of the few left standing."

Cho nodded thoughtfully and bit her lip before leaning in close and whispering into his ear "Well in that case, if there is anything that I can help you with, anything that you need… anything at all," she added breathily "you just let me know how I can help."

She pulled back from him, making sure to brush her lips against his cheek as she did so.

Harry felt his face heating up as she winked at him and then turned and walked away.

"Holy crap!" he screamed in his mind.

He stood there, struck dumb for a few long moments, long after Cho had disappeared from sight. Finally, vowing no never ever wash his cheek again Harry turned around to walk away, only to nearly walk straight into Hannah, who was just standing there with a grin on her face that could rival any ever produced by Peeves the Poltergeist of Hogwarts Castle.

Forcing his voice to work, Harry asked "How long have you been standing there."

"Long enough." she replied.

"And how much did you hear?"

"Who says I heard anything?" she asked, making sure to finish in the same breathy tone as Cho.

Harry tried for several moments to come up with a retort, but after opening and closing his mouth a couple of times like a gaping fish, he settled for spinning on his heel and walking off down the corridor, muttering something along the lines of "Bloody women!"

Fully satisfied with her work, Hannah turned around as well and went off in search of Susan in order to share this newest piece of juicy news.

Harry passed into the next carriage and was interrupted in his non-verbal grumblings about the evils of the fairer sex when he found his way blocked.

It was Ron.

"You just had to do it, didn't you Potter?" the red head shouted at him "You couldn't let me have a bit of glory for once could you? I make prefect and you have to go and do… this!"

Harry had hoped to put this confrontation off for a little while, but it seemed that the jealous prat was going to force the issue.

"For your information, Weasley, until I entered the prefects' compartment earlier, I didn't have the faintest clue that you had been made a prefect. So it you want to blame anyone, then I suggest that you blame yourself, as it is you who was the one who saw fit to not inform me of your little bit of news."

Harry had gone straight for the jugular, and the look on Ron's face told Harry that he had hit the mark.

"I couldn't," replied Ron, his tone completely different now "Dumbledore said-"

"Then clearly your problem is with Dumbledore." interrupted Harry "Either way, don't go blaming me for not knowing the small details of your life during my forced exclusion."

"Harry please," said Hermione, causing Harry to realise for the first time that she was there as well "Neither of us liked not being able to write to you all summer, but Professor Dumbledore-"

"Let's get one thing absolutely clear here, shall we?" said Harry "From now on, neither of you is my friend, if you ever were."

Hermione opened her mouth to protest, but Harry held up a hand to silence her before continuing "We will continue to interact with each other in the manner of prefects and student advisor, but beyond that there is nothing between us. Understood?"

"But-" began Hermione, only for him to interrupt her again.

"I said is that understood?"

Tears filled her eyes. Obviously too choked up to offer up a verbal reply she settled for giving an nod of her head in confirmation that she understood.

"Good," said Harry "Now then, I believe that you have been keeping a good friend of mine prisoner for most of the summer. I'd like to have her back."

Hermione nodded again and turned towards the open compartment door to her left. Harry followed her in and saw her make her way over to the cage that contained Hedwig. The Snowy Owl barked happily at seeing him.

Hermione opened the cage door, allowing Harry to see for the first time that her hands were badly scratched. Apparently Hedwig had been quite vicious in letting her anger be known.

The Snowy Owl hopped out of the cage, beat her wings and flapped over to Harry, making sure to bat Hermione around the side of her face along the way.

With Hedwig now resting on his arm, Harry turned and left the compartment without another word to Hermione. He brushed by Ron as he left the compartment and was just making his way towards the next carriage when Hermione found her voice again.

"Where were you all summer?"

Harry paused for a moment, and then, without turning around to look at her, he replied "That is none of your concern."

He left.

Behind him Hermione slumped back against the wall of the cabin. Ron nudged her to move inside. The other occupants of the compartment, Ginny Weasley and Neville Longbottom watched as Hermione moved into the compartment and sat down on one of the seats. She tucked her knees up under her chin and buried her face in her arms.



* * *



A/N: Wow that was a pain to write! Hopefully it all makes sense and there are no gaping holes. If there are, let me know so I can fix them.

Oh, and for anyone wondering, only the prefects of Harry's year are canon. The rest are random, as apparantly the kids who became prefects between Percy's year and Harry's weren't important. Some of their names, like Patricia Stimpson and Kenneth Towler are canon, but others like Bianca Dunstan and Emma Puckle are made up.

Five house points to the first person to point out the significance of Emma Puckle's name!

Also the thing about Patricia Stimpson breaking down during her O.W.L's is cannon as well!





*Chapter 12*: Aboard the Hogwarts Express - Part 2


			Sorry for the delay. I don't really have an excuse, apart from my muse refusing to settle down on any one story.

Anyway, I hope that his chapter is worth the wait!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 12: Aboard the Hogwarts Express – Part 2

Harry stormed through several carriages before coming to a stop. His confrontations with Ron and Hermione had him literally trembling with suppressed rage.

He had not planned on being so harsh with them, but Ron's whole attitude had just caused him to snap at them.

The accusation from Ron that Harry had deliberately obtained his new position purely to outshine the red headed git hurt deeply, but it also woke Harry up to a truth about Ron that he had long known, but long ignored.

Ron was a glory hound.

Any chance to be the centre of attention and Ron took it. And that forced Harry to wonder if the only reason that Ron befriended him in the first place was so that he could bask in the reflected glow of Harry's own personal fame. He had certainly lapped up all the attention he could get after partaking in the events of the second task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament back in February.

In fact he had greatly embellished upon his role, claiming to any and all who would listen that his placement at the bottom of the lake for Harry to rescue him had been the end result of his single-handed struggle against fifty spear-wielding Mermen who had to beat him into submission before tying him up, a tale which stood in stark contrast to those of the other hostages, all of whom told how they, Ron included, were escorted to an office, told what was going to happen and then were put into an enchanted sleep after agreeing to take part.

And any chance to outshine Harry completely was manna from heaven in Ron's eyes. And his reaction to Harry's new position meant that Harry could almost see the prat now, strutting about the Burrow, smug in the knowledge that he had been granted a prefects badge whereas Harry had not.

And as far as Harry could tell, that was all that the position of prefect meant to Ron. It was something that he had that Harry did not. That was the prat's reason for valuing the position bestowed upon him.

Then on top of that there was Hermione, who had the gall to not only attempt to pass off the blame for her own mistake onto others, but to then try to question him about where he had been during the summer, after it had been she who had decided to not only cut off all contact with him during those weeks, but to also keep his pet owl hostage so that he could contact no one else.

Said owl was still on his shoulder and caught his attention with a soft, mewling pyee-pyee.

Harry reached up a hand and scratched her affectionately, and muttered "Well, at least I've still got you Hedwig."

In answer the female snowy owl butted her head affectionately against his cheek.

Harry moved on to the next carriage, and was quite surprised to make out raised voices coming from the compartment at the far end.

As he got closer, he realised that one of the voices belonged to Draco Malfoy.

"This this is Slytherin business, Patil, so it doesn't concern you. Now butt out."

The voice of the fifth year Ravenclaw prefect Padma Patil responded "For your information, Malfoy, when I am on patrol and bad behaviour is my business!"

"Oh, why don't you just piss off you stupid cow?" asked the snide voice of Pansy Parkinson.

"Fine," retorted Padma, and there was an edge to her voice now "Fine then. I'll leave, and I'll get Harry. And I'm quite sure that he will take great pleasure in informing your head of house that you have each gotten a strike against you before the school term has even officially started!"

"Oh please," scoffed Malfoy dismissively "Potter can't do anything to me and he knows it."

At this, Harry slid the door to the compartment open and said "Can't I, Draco? Are you absolutely sure of that?"

Harry was pleased to see Draco's usually sneering face pale slightly at his sudden entrance. Like all bullies, Draco Malfoy lived in fear of being discovered for what he really was by an authority figure. Or at least, an authority figure who could be bothered to take the time and effort to actually punish him for his misdemeanours. And whether he actually publically acknowledged it or not, Draco knew, on some level, that Harry Potter was one of those authority figures.

His reaction was only momentary however, and he quickly fixed a superior sneer on his face, drew himself up and demanded "What are you doing here Potter? Poking your nose into other peoples' business?"

"I am merely doing my job, Draco," Harry replied calmly "As I am required to make sure that all prefects are able to perform their duties effectively, I am patrolling with them to see how well they are doing. When I heard the raised voice of Prefect Patil, here, I realised that she was dealing with a troublesome student or two, and decided to come and see her in action. Can you imagine my surprise to find that she was locked in a dispute with not one, but two other prefects, one of whom attempted to undermine her authority whilst the other verbally insulted her? Not behaviour very becoming of prefects."

For the first time in their respective lives, Draco and Pansy both simultaneously managed to summon the willpower to not bite out and ill thought out retort.

Harry took the time to take a look around the compartment. Aside from Padma, Draco and Pansy, there were five other Slytherins present. Two of them were Malfoy's personal goons, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle, two individuals who were extremely lacking in the brains department and were mostly there to look intimidating.

The other three Slytherins were girls, each one being members of Pansy Parkinson's gang, a bunch of sycophants whose sole purpose for existence had always appeared to be to offer up peals of squealing laughter every time Pansy said something mildly insulting to anyone else.

Today, however, something appeared to be off about that situation. One of the girls, Tracey Davis was sporting an angry red mark on the side of her face, making it look as though she had been slapped by someone, and hard. Tears were stinging at the edges of her eyes, but she seemed to possess a steely resolve, utterly determined to not let them fall.

The other two girls Harry also knew. They were the Greengrass sisters, the daughters of Cyrus Greengrass who had helped Harry out so much over the summer.

The older sister, Daphne, appeared to be absolutely furious with the situation, appearing ready to lash out at a moment's notice. She was positioned on the opposite side of the compartment, her body turned slightly as though to protect her younger sister, Astoria, who was pressed up against the wall, were eyes wide with fear.

Resigning himself to dealing with a nasty situation, Harry turned to Padma and said "Alright, Prefect Patil, report please."

Not quite used to being addressed in such a way, Padma took a short moment to gather herself before replying "I was passing the compartment door when I heard raised voices coming from within. I went to the window and although the blinds were closed, I was able to look in by crouching down and looking through the gap beneath the bind. Malfoy was giving a speech about how things would change in Slytherin house now that he was a prefect. It seems he was planning on attempting to give detentions to every younger students and half-blood who failed to address him as "Sir." This includes Tracey, who told him to shove the idea up his – um…, well where the sun doesn't shine. In response Draco hit her, and that is when I intervened."

Harry listened to and thought over her answer before turning to the three girls sitting in the seats to his left and asking "Can you confirm this?"

Tracey watched him for a moment before looking towards Pansy, who glared back furiously. She then glanced towards Daphne before turning back to Harry and answering "Yes, Padma's version of events is the truth."

Harry nodded before turning his gaze upon the other two "And you?"

Daphne too turned to Pansy, who again glared back. Daphne returned the look, however, before answering Harry with "It's the truth," as behind her Astoria nodded her head vigorously.

"You bitch!" screeched Pansy as she launched herself towards Daphne, who was more than ready for her. A scrap quickly began between the two girls, but Harry was quick to react.

"Alight!" he shouted over the noise the two girls were making "That's enough of that!"

When neither girl showed signs of backing down, Padma stepped forwards and seized Pansy around the middle and dragged her back. Pansy refused to relent though, and held on tightly to a fistful of Daphne's long blond hair.

Astoria sprang out from her position behind Daphne, grabbed Pansy's hand and began to forcefully prize her fist apart as the girl tried to extract herself for Padma's hold. Pansy managed to wrench an arm free, but it was grabbed by Tracey.

"Let go of me!" the Slytherin prefect.

"Let go of Daphne's hair and I might," retorted Tracey.

Rather than get involved himself, Draco turned to his two goons and raged "Don't just stand there, you idiots!"

Taking that as their cue, Crabbe and Goyle both jumped out of their seats simultaneously and made to join in.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you!" said Harry, warningly.

The two thugs paused for a moments, shared a look and then turned to face Harry.

"We don't take orders from you, Potter." said Crabbe in a menacing tone.

"Right," said Harry "I've had enough of this! Stupefy!"

Having suddenly drawn his wand, Harry caught everyone off guard and so Crabbe hit the floor of the compartment like a sack of potatoes. Goyle quickly joined him, and a moment later Pansy went limp in Padma's arms.

Draco was just reaching for his wand when he too was hit.

Harry stowed his wand again and looked to Padma "Prefect Patil, please escort these three to another compartment. And make sure that it is well away from this one. Then come back here, as I might need some help with these four. If you can find any other prefects, then ask them to come as well."

Padma nodded in response and turned to Tracey, Daphne and Astoria and said "Come on," gesturing towards the door.

All three walked from the room. Daphne, the last of the three to leave, paused next to Harry and looked him up and down, as though sizing him up, before following her sister and Tracey out of the compartment, Padma following on.

Harry slid the door shut and then turned to look over the four Slytherin students that remained.

Deciding to leave Crabbe and Goyle where they were for the time being, Harry heaved first Draco and then Pansy up into a sitting position on one of the seats, making a mental note as he did so to find a spell that could do this for him.

He took each of their wands, and then conjured ropes which quickly wound themselves around the duo.

For the first time ever, Harry was glad that he had been entered into the Tri Wizard Tournament the previous year, as stunning and rope conjuring spells were not normally taught until fifth year. Harry had learned both of them early in preparation for the tournament, and had now successfully used both to break up a fight.

He raised his wand again and revived the wizard and witch before him.

Pansy gave a groan before asking "What happened?"

"I was forced to stun the both of you," Harry replied "I was left with no other option in stopping your abhorrent behaviour."

Malfoy's face took on a tinge of red as anger bubbled up "When my father hears of this-"

"He will wonder what the hell his son was playing at when he jeopardised his position of prefect by acting in a manner he had been told not half an hour earlier been told would no longer be tolerated." Harry finished for him.

Malfoy wisely closed his mouth, though everything else about his demeanour promised that he would be doing everything possible to get his revenge.

Harry smirked at him before drawing himself up and beginning to speak "Now then, it is quite clear to me that you two obviously did not hear my speech earlier, so for your benefit, I will go through the key points again. I have been appointed by the Ministry of Magic to the position of Student Advisor at Hogwarts. In this capacity, I have the ability to assess the suitability of the prefects to carry out their duties in a fair, responsible and efficient manner. If a prefect either fails to perform their duties to a satisfactory level, or behaves in a manner unbecoming of a prefect, then that prefect will receive a strike against them. Should a prefect ever get three strikes against them, they lose their position. Is that clear?"

Neither one replied, they just glared back at him, shaking with anger.

"He asked you a question!" said an angry voice from by the door, which had slid open without Harry noticing.

Padma had come through for him, having successfully rounded up seven other prefects, and the Head Boy. It had been Hannah who had spoken. She was there next to Ernie, with Cho, Geoffrey Hooper, Eric Summerby, Bianca Dunstan and Maxwell Parkin making up the rest of the group.

"Harry, what's going on?" asked Rodger.

"These two," said Harry, gesturing towards Draco and Pansy "are a disgrace to their position. I'm just making sure that the fully understand the consequences of their behaviour before they are separated."

He turned back to the two Slytherins "Well, in all honesty for your behaviour I really should award each of you with three strikes right now. After all, you have just been seen to bully another student, fight with other students, call other students names, and attempt to undermine not only my authority, but that of another prefect as well. However, I will show leniency on you this time, and chalk it up to you not fully understanding the new situation. As such, you are each awarded only one strike, and will serve two detention periods with the caretaker. Until we get to Hogwarts, each of you will be placed in solitary confinement, and you are not permitted to join your fellow Slytherin prefects when they take their turn to patrol along the train."

He turned back to the other prefects and asked "Prefect Chang and Prefect Dunstan, please escort Parkinson to an empty compartment. I understand that it might be an inconvenience, but could you both then stand guard outside her door? Someone will be sent to relieve you in an hour. Oh, and she may not have anything from the snack cart."

Cho and Bianca both came forwards as Harry undid the ropes that were bound tightly around Pansy.

Cho gave Harry a sultry look before assisting Bianca in getting Pansy to her feet.

The Slytherin girl looked to Harry and asked "What about my wand?"

"I will hand it over to your head of house when I speak with him later. He will be the one to return it to you."

She offered up no reply, and instead allowed herself to be escorted from the compartment.

Harry pointed his wand towards Crabbe and revived him, followed closely by Goyle. And the two were stirring groggily, Harry took both their wands and then once again addressed the gathered prefects "Prefect Hooper and Prefect Summerby, please escort Crabbe to an empty compartment. Same rules that applied to Pansy apply here. Prefect MacMillan and Prefect Abbott, please escort Goyle to an empty compartment. Same rules apply.

The four prefects came forward and Geoffrey and Eric heaved Crabbe up onto his feet as Hannah and Ernie did the same with Goyle.

"Nice work, Harry." said Hannah as she and Ernie shoved Goyle towards the door.

"Don't be afraid to hex them if they become violent." Harry called after them.

He gave Malfoy one last look before turning to the three people remaining "Roger, Prefect Parkin, please escort this thing to a separate compartment. Again same rules apply. Roger, I know you've got other things to see to as Head Boy, but it'll only be for a few minutes. I just want a quick word with Prefect Patil, and then she will come and relieve you."

Roger nodded and stepped forwards as Harry cast a spell to free Draco from the ropes that bound him.

The two seventh years pulled Malfoy to his feet, but the boy quickly wrenched his arms free from their grasp. He gave Harry a cold, hard stare and practically hissed "This isn't over, Potter."

He turned and stormed out of the compartment, with Roger and Maxwell following on behind.

"I'm sure it isn't." said Harry as he watched them go. He was certain that the first chance he got, Draco would be writing and sending a letter to his dear father, complaining about mean ol' Harry Potter was picking on him and demanding that he speak with the Minister in order to fix it.

"Um," said Padma, who was standing behind him "You wanted to speak with me, Harry?"

"I certainly did," said Harry as he turned around to face her "First off, I heard what you said to Malfoy before I entered the compartment. Thank you for the show of confidence."

"Not a problem," replied Padma "You said you're here to help, and I believed that you could and would do so."

"Good," said Harry "Second, I would like to ask that you accompany me when I discuss the situation with the head of Slytherin house. I think that you know as well as I do what would happen if I went in there alone."

Padma nodded and replied "Makes sense I suppose. Should we bring in some of the others as well? Roger at least, given how he's Head Boy."

"Roger should do," said Harry "Let him know when you take over guard duty from him."

"I will," said Padma "Anything else?"

"Yes, after we're done with Snape, we're going to need to go and see your head of house."

"Professor Flitwick? Why?"

"I need to see him about granting you an official Prefect's Merit."

"A Prefect's Merit," Padma repeated "And what exactly would one of those be?"

"Pretty much the opposite of a strike." answered Harry "You did an excellent job, so you get a merit."

"And what if I get a strike after gaining a merit?" asked Padma.

"Then you lose the merit, but don't gain a strike. Think of it as basic addition and subtraction. You start at zero, a merit adds one, and a strike subtracts one."

"So if Pansy did something good, rather than gain a merit, she would lose her strike?"

"Correct."

Padma nodded thoughtfully for a few moments before asking "And what do three merits get you?"

"What do you mean?" asked Harry.

"Well, if three strikes mean that you lose you your prefect's badge then I imagine that something must happen when you get three merits."

"Good point," said Harry "I hadn't really thought of that."

"Then why give merits at all?"

"So people can lose their strikes."

"Ah. Got ya."

Harry thought for a few moments before saying "Maybe I should get vouchers or something. How about book tokens?"

"That might work for the Ravenclaws, but few others." replied Padma.

"Damn. Well, I'm sure I'll think of something."

"You'd better or we'll stage a coup."

"You wouldn't!"

"Wanna bet?"

"Don't you somewhere to be?"

"Yeah, yeah. Just keep it in mind Potter. We want to know what three merits get us, and we want that decision made by the end of the week."

Harry rolled his eyes, chuckling to himself as Padma left the compartment.

Once she was gone, Harry suddenly realised that that was the first proper conversation he had ever had with Padma, and yet he had felt completely at ease with her. More at ease, in fact, than he yet felt with either Susan or Hannah, and he had spent three weeks with them.

He supposed that it was down to the fact that Padma strongly resembled her twin sister, Parvati, whom Harry had known for four years.

But then… did he really know Parvati at all? Sure they had shared the same common room and many lessons together over the years, and he had even escorted her to the Yule Ball the previous Christmas, but he had hardly ever actually spoken to her at all, and the Ball had been a disaster.

Come to think of it, he had warmed up to Hannah surprisingly quickly as well. Although he knew her about as well as he did Susan, he had spent much more time with the red haired Hufflepuff…

This warranted further investigation, but not now though.

Deciding that he had done enough patrolling for now, Harry decided to head back to the compartment that he had been sharing with Susan and Hannah earlier. Susan deserved to know where he had sent her best friend, after all.

After the fiasco with the Slytherins, the rest of the trip was comparatively calm. Harry patrolled a few times, but there were no incidents. He came across Ron twice, but each of them ignored the other. Hermione tried several times to talk to him, but always seemed to lose her nerve and would leave without uttering a sound.

Apart from the odd stroll up and down the length of the train, Harry's only other job during the rest of the trip was to switch around which prefects stood guard over the four troublesome Slytherins. A good number of students appreciated Harry coming down hard on Draco, and that included a good few Slytherin students as well. They didn't yet understand Harry's new role, but were more than happy that it allowed him to knock Draco down a couple of pegs.

Beyond that the only interesting thing to happen was when Susan and Hannah had to physically restrain Harry from going and picking a new fight with Ron and Hermione.

It had started innocently enough, with Susan simply asking if he had used any diagnostic spells to determine that everything was okay with Hedwig.

Everything came up fine. Or at least it did until Harry discovered a myriad of tracking charms placed upon her. This caused him to wonder aloud if the Dumbledore Worshippers Club had tried to use Hedwig to track him down. Harry had always said that Hedwig was an exceptionally smart owl, and she proved this to be true when she bobbed her head in confirmation to his voiced thought.

Harry had, of course, gotten angry. And this came with a desire to punch Ron in the face and shout at Hermione.

Seeing his mood, Susan and Hannah both grabbed him as he made for the door and pulled him down onto the seat and wrestling with him until he calmed, something which was achieved by Hannah reminding him that he was punishing the Slytherins for exactly the same thing, so to do so himself now would be wildly inappropriate.

Harry had relented, but was still in a bad mood when the train finally pulled in at Hogsmeade Station.

On the platform Harry joined Hannah and the other prefects in making sure that all the first years made it towards the crowd gathering around Hagrid, who would lead them down to the boats that would carry them across the lake to the castle.

Once that was done Harry and Hannah made their way over to where Susan was waiting on them and they headed off towards the carriages which took the older students up to the castle.

As they went, Harry looked back over his shoulder and saw two pairs of Aurors stepping onto the train. Madam Bones had apparently come through on his idea to have a few Aurors do a security sweep of the train before the students' luggage was brought up to the castle.

He also picked out Pansy, being escorted by two prefects. Behind her Goyle was in a similar situation. He could not see where Malfoy or Crabbe were though.

As he turned back towards the carriages, he heard the voice of Professor Grubbly-Plank shouting out over the heads of the students "First year students, gather over here please!"

Wondering where Hagrid was, Harry made his way over to the carriages and was soon sitting comfortably between Susan and Hannah. They were quickly joined by Ernie Macmillan, Megan Jones, Justin Finch-Fletchley and, surprisingly, Cho, who squeezed in next to Harry and seemed to find the tight fit to be a perfectly good reason to push her body right up against Harry's, and rest her left hand on his right leg.

Despite his crush on Cho, Harry was actually uncomfortable being in this position with her. His discomfort must have shown on his face, because Susan and Hannah, who were sitting opposite to him, both wore matching smirks all the way up to the castle.

To be honest, Harry did not know how to respond to this new side to Cho. She was being very forward, and he was finding the situation rather awkward. He couldn't help but wonder if there was more to it than just her letting him know that she was interested in him.

The carriage was drawn up the winding path until, at last, they could see the castle that was their school, and would be home for them until next June.

Harry felt himself tense up. The train ride had been the opening round. The real fight was about to begin.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? Harry has made his new position known to the students, now the school as a whole will have to face this new Boy-Who-Lived.

For those of you wondering about the Harry/Susan pairing, as you probably saw at the end of the chapter, they're not in that place yet. Give it time.





*Chapter 13*: The Welcoming Feast


			Here we go with Chapter thirteen. Ten house points to whoever can point out the Big Bang Theory reference!

Enjoy.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 13: The Welcoming Feast

Upon passing through the doors to the Entrance Hall, the first thing that Harry heard was the sound of several second year Gryffindor girls screaming.

He did not have to look far to find the answer.

Peeves the poltergeist was welcoming the students back to the castle in the only way he knew how, with chaos. Last year it had been a barrage of water balloons. This year he had decided on throwing ink pots at the new arrivals.

As usual no staff were about to deal with the pest, so Harry supposed that it fell to him to do something.

"Peeves!" he yelled "Stop that now!"

The poltergeist turned to face him, a wide and sadistic grin on his face "Why, if it isn't Potty wee Potter! Thinks he can tell Peevesy what to do does he?"

"I don't think I can Peeves, I know I can." retorted Harry.

Peeves stuck out his tongue, blew a massive raspberry and then hurled one particularly large ink pot towards Harry.

However, the young wizard was prepared for this. From the first moment he had called out to Peeves to stop he had had his fingers clasped tightly around his wand. The moment Peeves made to throw the ink pot, Harry raised his wand and waved it through the air.

"Depulso!"

The ink pot came to a stop right in front of Harry's face and then shot back towards Peeves, smacking into him right between the eyes. The Poltergeist flipped over backwards twice before righting himself. Then he threw his sack of ink pots over into an empty corner and then raced away, making noises that sounded suspiciously like sobs.

"Wow." exclaimed Susan.

"Yeah." agreed Hannah

"To think that after all this time, that was all it took…" muttered Ernie.

"HARRY POTTER!"

All eyes turned to see Professor McGonagall, the deputy head of the school marching towards Harry looking rather cross.

"See ya, Harry." said Susan, making her escape.

"Later." added Hannah, following her.

"Traitors." Harry mumbled under his breath as the entire Hufflepuff contingent abandoned him to his fate.

Cho followed them, making sure to brush close to him as she passed him by.

Harry shook his head at her behaviour and was just bracing himself to deal with McGonagall when another, entirely different woman moved in to separate them.

"Good evening, Professor Umbridge," said Harry to the pink-cardigan-wearing, toad-faced monstrosity that now stood before him.

"Good evening, Mr Potter," Dolores Umbridge replied politely, and Harry was fairly certain that doing so was causing her to die a little inside "I just wanted a quick word before the feast begins."

McGonagall finally reached them and tapped the other woman on the shoulder with the roll of parchment that contained the names of the new first year students "Pardon me, Dolores, but I was just about to have a word with Mr Potter."

Umbridge turned her flabby face towards McGonagall and said "Not at all, Minerva. This will only take a moment."

McGonagall visibly bristled at being referred to by her first name, but turnabout was fair play.

Umbridge gestured with her arm and Harry followed her over to one side.

"How can I help you, Professor?" he asked once they were out of McGonagall's hearing range.

"I simply wished to know if there were any problems on the train?" the Professor replied.

"Nothing much," replied Harry "A few prefects had trouble accepting the new status quo, but I was able to make examples of them and the rest quickly fell into line. After that everyone was pretty well behaved."

"Very well," replied Umbridge "Please get your report on those prefects to me as soon as possible."

"Will do," replied Harry "I was forced to issue a strike against the two troublemakers, and will need to inform their Head of House after the feast. I trust that if I end up requiring assistance in that matter…?"

"Of course," agreed Umbridge "I imagine that some of the staff will have the same problems as some of the prefects to begin with. Never hesitate to ask for my help."

"Likewise," replied Harry "Oh, and before I forget, Prefect Patil of Ravenclaw House was very helpful in resolving the situation on the train, and has been awarded a merit for her actions."

"Very good," said Umbridge "That's what I like to hear. The more merits you can give out, Mr Potter, then the more it shows that we are winning."

Harry nodded in reply before asking "Was there anything else? Only Professor McGonagall's got a vein throbbing in her forehead from being kept waiting."

Umbridge turned slightly to look over her shoulder at the other woman. Seeing the scowl on McGonagall's face, Umbridge smiled and turned back to Harry before replying "Just one other thing, are you prepared for your speech?"

"All set to go." replied Harry.

"Good," said Umbridge "Carry on then, Mr Potter."

And with that she turned and walked towards the doors that led into the Great Hall, where the welcoming feast would shortly begin.

Harry felt rather dirty after having to be so polite to the old toad for so long.

McGonagall came over and snapped "I suppose it's alright to talk to you now is it Potter?"

"Of course, Professor," answered Harry.

"Good." she replied tersely "Now, first of all I would like to know what you think you were doing earlier when you confronted Peeves."

"I think that I was giving the sorry excuse for a phantom a taste of his own medicine," replied Harry.

"And why did you simply not vanish the ink pot after stopping it?" asked McGonagall "Why did you have to fire it back?"

"Because that is about the only thing that a bully like Peeves understands, Professor." replied Harry "He learned a long time ago that no matter what he does, all he will get is a stern talking to by one of the teachers, and maybe a few threats of exorcism by Filch, and then he can go back to causing havoc."

"It was a very irresponsible thing to do," said McGonagall "What if it had hit another student?"

"I had faith in my aim," retorted Harry "And had I hit another student I would have promptly apologised."

She regarded him with a steely gaze for a few moments longer before abruptly changing the topic of discussion "Where were you this summer, Potter?"

Harry blinked once before replying "I didn't think that my whereabouts during the holidays was any concern of the staff of this school, Professor."

The two stared at each other for a few moments longer before McGonagall spoke again "I have to go and greet the new first years now, but rest assured Potter, these matters are not settled. You will report to the Headmaster's office as soon as the feast is over."

"Actually that will not be possible, Professor McGonagall," replied Harry "Once the feast is over I have to have separate meetings with both Professor Snape and Professor Flitwick, and I will be cutting it close to curfew as it is. Perhaps we can reschedule?"

McGonagall's nostrils were flaring with anger now, and Harry knew that he was pushing her very close to the edge "I cannot fathom a reason why you would need to talk to either of them this early in the school year, but if you must talk with them, I will ask Professor Snape and Professor Flitwick to come to the Headmaster's office so that you can meet with them there as well."

"That might cause conflict-" began Harry, but McGonagall cut him off.

"This matter is not open for further discussion, Mr Potter. You will go to the Headmaster's office after the feast, and Professors Snape and Flitwick will be there to meet with you."

And with that she turned in a swish of tartan robes and stalked off to greet the new first year students.

Harry shook his head and turned towards the Great Hall. He hadn't thought that his respect for Minerva McGonagall could fall any lower, but she had just proven him wrong.

He thought back to some of the banking documents he had received from Gringotts and one of the many issues found there…



* * *



Flashback

"Is it all making sense, Harry?" asked Sarah, a large cup of coffee in her hands as she joined Harry and the others sitting at the table.

"I guess so," replied Harry, leafing through several pieces of parchment. Income from the family investments is added every month, and a third of the annual school fee is taken out every term, once after the summer holidays, once after the Christmas break and once after Easter. Once a year, near the end of summer there is an amount taken out of the trust fund by me to pay for my school things. That much is simple."

"And the rest?" asked Madam Bones.

"Well, it appears that every month thirty five galleons are taken out of the trust fund, converted to Muggle money and put into my Uncle Vernon's account with Barclay's bank. That works out at around £174 per month that the Dursleys are getting out of me."

"That's not too bad for room and board," said Sarah "too bad they kept most of it for themselves and spent as little on you as possible."

"They always made out that I'm such a burden," said Harry sadly "Look, they even get paid for the months that I am at Hogwarts. And Gringotts charges my account a five galleon conversion fee every time they do this."

"Goblins like to earn themselves a nice bit of gold for every transaction." explained Madam Bones "Any other issues?"

"Several," replied Harry "Look at this one?" he turned the piece of parchment around and showed them. It was dated the 1st February, 1994, and was a withdrawal for 475 galleons.

"What on earth…?" muttered Madam Bones.

"Are you sure that this wasn't some kind of annual withdrawal?" asked Sarah.

Harry shook his head and replied "No other year has any amount of money withdrawn on the February 1st."

"That's a lot to go out in one go," said Madam Bones "And you would have been inside the castle when it happened." she looked at him "You didn't order anything through Owl Post did you?"

"No," replied Harry "And even if I had I'd have never spent that much in one go."

"Hang on," said Hannah from her position next to Susan at the kitchen counter "In third year you have to buy a new broom didn't you? After your Nimbus got smashed up by the Whomping Willow."

"Yeah, that's right," said Susan "You got a Firebolt, and it arrived just before your match against Ravenclaw, which would have been in early February."

"But I didn't buy the Firebolt," said Harry "It was a present."

"Could it have been bought with your money?" asked Sarah.

"It was a Christmas present," said Harry "so the dates don't match up."

"So why was it all over the school well into January that you were still training on school brooms?" asked Susan.

Harry shook his head and replied "I didn't have the broom. Hermione got it confiscated. She thought that Sirius Black might have sent it to me, and she told McGonagall, who agreed and took it for Professor Flitwick and Madam Hooch to look over. You know, to check for hexes and things."

Madam Bones frowned and said "There are several things wrong with that sentence Harry. First of all why was no one with any experience in dealing with the dark arts asked to look at your broom? Flitwick is an expert at duelling and a master of charms, but he is far from qualified to identify and dispel the worst the dark arts have to offer, and nor is Madam Hooch."

"Well, Professor McGonagall said that they stripped it right down…" said Harry, earning him wide eyed looks from everyone else.

"They stripped it down?" repeated Sarah.

"Yeah," replied Harry "Why?"

"So two school teachers took a state of the art school broom, stripped it right down to examine it in its entirety, and put it back together again?" asked Madam Bones.

"Yeah, I suppose." said Harry.

"You do realise, don't you," said Hannah "that at that time the Firebolt was a brand new broom just out on the market?"

"Yeah, so?"

"SO?" asked Hannah incredulously "So the Firebolt was the product of seven years' worth of in depth research intended to redefine the word "aerodynamic" undertaken by forty of the world's leading experts in broomstick design! Each and every twig in the broomtail is individually selected! The ash handle is treated with a diamond-hard polish! It has unsurpassable balance, and pin-point precision! There are unbreakable breaking charms on all of them. Any faults can only be fixed by the manufacturer, as they are the only ones with the skill to do so, and yet you believe that in, what, forty days two mere school teachers were able to completely strip one down, test it for any and all possible problems and then put it back in perfect working order without there being even the slightest hiccup with it? A simple "Reparo" can't fix that kind of thing, Harry."

"So you think that's where the money went?" asked Harry "They stripped it down, couldn't put it back together, and so sent it back to the manufacturer to have them do it, and then charged the cost of repairs to my account?"

"Yes," replied Hannah "Though given the time frame involved, I'd say that they just went and brought you a new broom with your money. I doubt even a team of experts could put a fully stripped down Firebolt back to full working order in about a month."

End Flashback



* * *



Sarah had checked around the next day and discovered that the going price of a Firebolt broom about six months after its original release date was about 470-480 galleons.

Looking back of course, it all made sense. Professor Flitwick was a dueller and a charms master. He was not a broomstick designer. Nor, for that matter, was Madam Hooch, however much she might appear to be an expert in such things.

It was ridiculous to think that two school teachers could do what forty experts had taken seven years to perfect.

So with the broom he now owned not actually being the one that Sirius had given him, Harry really had to wonder just what else was a lie. A check for mid to late October 1991 also showed a withdrawal amounting to the approximate cost of a Nimbus 2000 broomstick at the time. Obviously it was foolish to think that McGonagall had gotten that state-of-the-art broom for him with her own money, but it would have been nice to have been told.

And there was also the matter of who was approving these purchases in his name, but that was a matter for a different time.

For now, it was time for Harry to put his game face on, as the waste material was about to hit the spinning turbine, as they say.

Most people had already seated themselves that their house tables and all were talking excitedly as they waited for the food to arrive so that the feast could start.

Harry made his way over to the Gryffindor table, pointedly ignoring Ron and Hermione as he went. He might be withdrawing himself from the house and becoming neutral in order to be more approachable to all students, but for now it was best if he just sat with them.

He didn't know what his plans for future seating arrangements at meal times would be, but he was thinking that he would join each house at different times, allowing himself to mingle and appear more approachable.

The sixth year Gryffindor prefects, Bianca Dunstan and Geoffrey Hooper were sitting together, but Bianca waved him over as soon as she spotted him and the pair made a space for him.

"We heard McGonagall shouting your name," said Geoffrey as Harry sat himself down "What happened?"

"Peeves was being a nuisance, so I fired one of his thrown ink pots back at him," explained Harry "McGonagall wasn't too happy."

Bianca gave a snort and said "She never is."

"What do you mean?" asked Harry.

"She doesn't approve of anyone other than a teacher doing what should be a teacher's job," replied Bianca "Sometimes I get the impression that she feels that a prefect's sole purpose is to be the one to run and get a teacher whenever trouble pops its head up."

"Well, if there had been a teacher there to do the job then I wouldn't have had to do it for them," said Harry.

"If a teacher was there then nothing would have been done at all," said Geoffrey "None of them will admit it, but they have absolutely no control over Peeves. Not even Dumbledore."

"Professor Lupin seemed pretty good at dealing with him," said Harry "The first defence class I had with him, we saw Peeves stuffing chewing gum into a key hole. Professor Lupin used a spell that dislodged the gum from the key hole and wedged it up Peeves' nose."

"Now that's something I would have paid to have seen," said a female voice.

Harry looked up and saw that Katie Bell, one of the chasers for the Gryffindor Quidditch Team had just taken a seat opposite him. Like Bianca and Geoffrey, she was a sixth year student.

"Have a good summer, Katie?" asked Bianca.

Katie shrugged her shoulders and replied "It was okay, I suppose. Apart from that bit where I broke up with Lee."

"Oh no!" exclaimed Bianca "What happened?"

"Come on girls," protested Geoffrey "Can't you save this for your dorm room and spare us guys?"

Katie and Bianca both stuck their tongues out at him before turning to each other and beginning a conversation that began by discussing Katie's problems with Lee Jordan and would soon have dissolved into a moan fest about anything wrong with every man everywhere were it not for the doors to the Great Hall opening and Professor McGonagall leading two lines of frightened looking first years towards the head table.

"Saved by the firsties." muttered Geoffrey under his breath.

Harry grinned, but quickly forced his face to become neutral as both Katie and Bianca turned to glare at them.

They all listened dutifully as the school's Sorting Hat sang a song about the history of the school, how the founders parted and urging them all to unite together, before the sorting ceremony began.

Euan Abercrombie was the first student to be called upon, and he was sorted into Gryffindor. From then it took a good forty minutes for the hat to sort the rest.

Harry noted that there seemed to be a few more new arrivals this year than in years before. There were certainly more than in his year group, which consisted of around forty kids. This new lot seemed to consist of almost double that.

He supposed that his year being so small in numbers was due mostly to the effects of the first was against Voldemort. Those in his year, the one above and the one below were born in the last few years of the war, when Voldemort and his Death Eaters were at the height of their powers, and not far off of claiming total victory.

This new group were obviously the beginnings of a population recovery.

Harry felt his stomach tighten as he thought of the fact that Voldemort was now back to physical form, and had at least thirty followers at his side once again. He thought of how he had tried to tell the world this but…

'No' he told himself 'Now is not the time to think on that. This is what is important now.'

Finally Rose Zeller was sorted into Hufflepuff House, Harry saw Susan, Hannah and their friends cheering for her as she joined them at the Hufflepuff table, and Professor McGonagall took away the Sorting Hat and the three legged stool on which it stood.

At the staff table, Professor Dumbledore stood up from his seat, a high backed golden one situated right in the middle, and issued his usual start of term greeting.

"To our newcomers, welcome! To our old hands, welcome back! There is a time for speech making, but this is not it. Tuck in!"

And excited murmur swept through the hall as plates and bowls filled to overflowing with all manner of food appeared up and down the lengths of every table, accompanied by innumerable jugs of pumpkin juice.

As those around him began helping themselves to a wide array of meats, potatoes, vegetables, sauces and gravies, Harry took out his wand and began casting a few spells around himself.

Katie's fork, on which was speared a piece of chicken, paused halfway to her mouth as she stopped to watch Harry. After the fifth spell she found herself asking "What are you up to Harry?"

"Diagnostic charms," replied Harry "I am checking to see if any of the food is laced with potions."

"Find anything?" asked Geoffrey, setting his knife and fork down without taking a bite.

"Not much," replied Harry "The pumpkin juice has a mild calming draught in it. But I suspect that it's to help the first years to relax a little and allow everyone else to calm down some from the excitement of being back. Nothing all that sinister and so safe to drink."

"I don't think I like the idea of there being a potion in my drink no matter how benign it is." said Bianca.

"It could be much worse." replied Harry, tucking his wand back into his pocket. He nodded his head down the table to where the first and second year students were sitting. The second years were getting a little rowdy, and a good number of the first years were looking quite nervous about being in this new sitting.

"Looking at that lot, I can't say I blame the staff for giving them a little something to calm them down."

"I guess." muttered Bianca.

"Everything else is clear, by the way." added Harry, spearing a pork chop and putting it onto his plate, followed by a few roast potatoes and a spoonful of mashed carrot and swede.

"So why the paranoia, Harry?" asked Katie.

"Can it really be called paranoia when they actually are out to get you?" asked Harry.

"Who's 'they'?" asked Bianca.

"That is information that I am not currently at liberty to divulge," replied Harry "But let me put it this way, after what happened my first, second, third and fourth years here, I am taking no chances."

"The man has a point," agreed Katie "I mean there was that Troll, your broom going haywire, people being petrified, the Dementors, that Hungarian Horntail…" she paused for a moment, frowned and then asked "Why exactly did you come back at all, Harry?"

"Simple," answered Harry "I like my enemies where I can see them."

The three sixth years all shared a look of surprise as Harry speared a roast potato onto his fork and took a bite.

Soon the main course was done with and all of that food vanished, only to be replaced by puddings of every imaginable variety, from fruits, ice creams and creams to cakes, biscuits and pies.

As everyone else went to tuck in, Harry took out his wand again.

A moment later he called out "Stop!" a little too loudly for his liking, but thankfully the general noise in the hall drowned it out for most people.

"What's the matter?" asked Geoffrey.

"Nobody touch the treacle tart," said Harry "I don't know what's in it, but it can't be anything good. Everything else is fine."

"Isn't that, like, your absolute favourite dessert?" asked Katie.

Harry gave her a pointed look, to which her eyes widened and she let out a soft "Oh" of comprehension.

Harry took one on the red napkins off of the table and collected a piece of treacle tart in it.

He then conjured up a small paper bag and charmed it to be unbreakable and impervious to liquids before slipping the napkin covered slice of tart inside and sealing it shut. He then slipped it into a pocket on the inside of his robes.

He looked around him and gave a nervous looking Katie a wink before helping himself to a bowl of chocolate ice cream.

Before long the feast was over, and Dumbledore was standing up once again in order to make his start of term speech.

"Now that we are all fed and watered, I would like to just take a few moments to go through the usual start of term notices before we all head off to our beds for the night. First years please note that the forest in the grounds is out of bounds to all students, and some of our older students could do with remembering that too.

"As usual Mr Filch the Caretaker has asked me to remind you all that magic is not permitted to be used in the school corridors. There is also a list of items that are banned from the castle, and the full list can be found fixed to the door of Mr Filch's office, which is located just off of the Entrance Hall.

"And finally we have two changes in staffing this year. The lovely, pink haired young woman sitting between Professor Snape and Professor Trelawney is Professor Tonks. She has just recently completed her training to become an Auror and has kindly consented to assist us here at Hogwarts by taking on the challenging position of Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor. Good luck, Professor."

Tonks stood, gave a polite bow and then sat back down.

The students applauded her quite loudly, with many of the older boys being the most vocal. Fred and George Weasley in particular made a spectacle of themselves by wolf-whistling loudly and unabashedly.

Harry had to agree that she was rather easy on the eyes, especially when compared to most of the other female members of staff. But he had to remember that she was one of Dumbledore's followers, so he would really need to watch himself around her.

Once the noise died down, Professor Dumbledore continued "And the woman in the pink cardigan sitting between Professor McGonagall and Professor Sinistra is Professor Umbridge, who has agreed to take leave from her job in the Minister's office at the Ministry of Magic in order to teach History of Magic after Professor Binns decided that it was time for him to pass on."

The applause that followed was not as loud as the one that Tonks received, but it was certainly louder than Harry had expected. It seemed that a few people were looking forward to seeing what History of Magic lessons would be like when they were not taught by a ghost with a monotone voice.

Dumbledore continued "Try-outs for the house Quidditch teams will take place on-"

"Hem, hem."

Dumbledore broke off and turned towards Professor Umbridge. Given that she was so short it was not immediately clear that she had gotten to her feet, but as she began to walk out from behind the staff table, it became apparent that she was intending to make a speech.

'Not now!' thought Harry 'Wait for Dumbledore to finish first. Interrupting him only gives everyone a bad impression.'

As she walked along the front of the head table, Professor Umbridge began her speech "Thank you, Headmaster, for those kind words of welcome. I must confess that it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts again, and seeing so many bright and happy faces looking up at me. I'm sure that we are all going to be very good friends."

Harry cringed. She was patronising them. That was just about the worst thing she could be doing.

Already she had lost the attention of about as fifth of the students, and Harry found his own attentiveness ebbing away.

Professor Umbridge went on to talk a great deal about the importance of education, of passing skills and traditions down through to the next generation. Then something warning against progress just for the sake of progress, followed by something like "preserve what must be preserved, perfect what can be perfected and pruning practices that ought to be prohibited."

Harry found himself drawn back when she went on with "I am here at the request of the Ministry in order to perfect the teaching of History of Magic at this school, something which, I am afraid has fallen behind the times. If there is anything about this that you wish to discuss, then my door is always open. For that matter, if you have anything else that you wish to discuss, any quibbles or reservations about how the school is being run, then by all means come and have a chat, and we shall see what we can do about it.

"Or failing that, there is another that you can talk to. In response to several concerns raised by concerned individuals, the Ministry of Magic has seen fit to pass Educational Decree Number 25, creating the post of Student Advisor. This school's very own Harry Potter had very kindly agreed to take up this position, and I will step aside and allow him to explain his new position. Mr Potter?"

All eyes turned to Harry, who swallowed hard and then stood.

'This is it!' he thought to himself.

"Good evening, everyone." he began "I won't keep you long, and I am sure that like me you are longing for your beds.

"The good Professor is correct. The Ministry of Magic has created the position of Student Advisor, and I have consented to take up that position here at Hogwarts. What does that mean exactly? Well, to put it simply, I am now here to be on your side. Got a problem? Come to me and we'll see if we can resolve it. And I mean any problem. Fighting with your dorm mates? Fine, come on over and talk. Feel like you're being treated unfairly by a prefect? Not a problem. Come to me and we'll work together to sort things out. Getting the impression that a teacher is being deliberately unfair to you? Well I am here to help you fight your corner.

"At the same time, if you have something that you want to bring up with the staff, again come to me. I will be attending all staff meetings and will be acting as your voice when I am there."

Graham Montague, a sixth year Slytherin who played for his house Quidditch team chose that moment to stand up and demand "And what makes you think that any of us will come to a stupid Gryffindor like you Potter?"

Harry smirked and replied "I am actually glad that you asked that, Graham. You see, in order to work effectively in my new position, the Wizarding Examinations Authority decided, and I agree, that I would need to be a completely neutral party. As such, as of this moment, I am no longer a member of Gryffindor house. I will no longer wear their badge or their colours, I will no longer sleep in their dorms-"

"What about Quidditch?" asked Katie in a small voice.

"Sorry Katie, but yes, I will no longer play Quidditch for Gryffindor house. Nor, for that matter, will I be playing for any other house. I will be neutral, devoted to no house over any other."

"How can we be sure of that?" demanded Theodore Nott, a Slytherin in Harry's year "You wasted no time in doing Malfoy and Parkinson a bad turn on the train."

"Prefect Malfoy and Prefect Parkinson were found to be behaving in a manner unbefitting students of their position and so were punished for it," replied Harry "I don't know what they have been telling you throughout the course of dinner, but I assure you that any prefect behaving in such a way, be they Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff or Gryffindor would have received the same punishment.

"In my time at Hogwarts I have seen several students appointed to the position of prefect simply because they were a favourite of their Head of House. And I have seen several prefects who have abused their position for their own gains. That ends now. I have been granted the authority to step in if a prefect is acting out of line, and I have been granted the power to punish any prefect that goes too far.

"Actions have outcomes. It is high time that people were held accountable for theirs."

And with that Harry sat down again, to complete silence.

Professor Dumbledore, who looked paler than anyone could ever remember seeing him before, got to his feet and announced "You are all dismissed."

"See you guys later," said Harry to Katie, Bianca and Geoffrey "I've got a few people to round up, and then we're all going for a meeting in Dumbledore's office. At Professor McGonagall's insistence, of course."

He got up and left.

Harry hurried over to the Ravenclaw table. He couldn't reach Padma through the jostling crowd of students who were evacuating their seats, but by waving his arms about he caught her attention and she fought her way over to him.

"Change of plans," said Harry once they were face to face "Dumbledore and McGonagall want to see me in the Headmaster's office. Flitwick and Snape are going to be there too, so we're going to do this all at once."

"Not a problem," replied Padma "Need some help rounding up the Slytherins?"

"That would be appreciated," answered Harry "Could you round up Daphne, Tracey and Astoria? I'm gonna go grab Malfoy, Parkinson, Crabbe and Goyle."

"Good luck," said Padma as she turned and headed off towards the three Slytherin girls.

Draco Malfoy elbowed a third year hard in the side as he shoved his way towards the doors. He was supposed to be showing the first years down to the Slytherin Common Room in the Dungeons, but he was in a foul mood. Anyway, if the little shits couldn't keep up with the crowd of other Slytherins then why should it be his problem?

He had just made it to the doors when he found his way blocked.

"Get out of it Potter!" he snapped.

"I'm going nowhere without you, Malfoy," retorted Harry "Not until we've sorted out your punishment."

"I thought what happened on the train was my punishment."

"Nope. That was because I had just caught you red handed and knew that you could not be trusted to not go out seeking revenge. Your solitary confinement was for everyone's benefit. Now come on, we're going to have a word with your head of house."

Malfoy's eyes lit up, imagining all the insults that Professor Snape would throw at Harry before kicking him out of his office and sweeping this whole mess under the rug like he always did.

"Really?" he asked, his voice filled with hope.

"We most certainly are," said Harry "In the Headmaster's office. With the Headmaster. And the Deputy Headmistress. Oh, and Professor Flitwick."

Malfoy seemed to wilt right before Harry's eyes.

Harry looked around and saw the other three that he was looking for "Parkinson, Crabbe, Goyle, you too."

"What?" demanded Parkinson.

"Meeting with your head of house and three other members of staff… hang on."

He looked around and spotted who he was looking for "Professor Umbridge?"

The new History of Magic Professor hurried over "What is it, Mr Potter?"

"Professor McGonagall has forced a change in how my meeting with the Head of Slytherin House will occur. It will now be taking place in the Headmaster's office, with Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall and Flitwick in attendance, as well as Professor Snape. I was just wondering if you would consent to come up and add a bit of weight to the proceedings, otherwise it will only be myself and Prefect Patil fighting our corner."

"I'd be happy to," replied Madam Umbridge "Let's see if we can get this all sorted out, shall we?"

"Good," said Harry, looking around "Ah, here they come now. Padma, over here!"

Padma made her way over, followed by a rather reluctant looking trio of Slytherin girls.

"Are these the victims?" asked Professor Umbridge.

"Yes they are," replied Harry "Let's get this over with. I'd like to get these three to the Hospital Wing for a check over."

"We don't need to go the Hospital Wing, Potter." said Daphne.

"Are you sure?" asked Harry "It was quite a scuffle, after all."

He gave the three girls a very subtle wink. The only others to see it were Padma and Crabbe, and of them Padma was saying nothing and Crabbe was too dumb to do so.

Tracey was the one to catch on first "Actually, I hurt my wrist when I was trying to get Pansy to let go of Daphne. I think that I would like it looked at."

Daphne looked at her friend, realised what she was doing, turned back to Harry and said "Well, I suppose my nose should be looked at after it was hit so hard."

Astoria nodded in agreement.

"Well that's settled then," said Harry pleasantly.

"Mr Potter," said a voice, and they all turned around to see Professor McGonagall standing there "Kindly follow me; I will escort you to your meeting in the Headmaster's office."

"Okay," said Harry "Come on you lot."

McGonagall looked surprised and said "Surely there's no reason for everyone here to attend."

"Actually there is," said Harry "Malfoy and Parkinson are the ones who brought shame onto their positions, Crabbe and Goyle were assisting them, the Greengrass sisters and Miss Davis were the victims, Prefect Patil was the one to alert me to the problem, and Professor Umbridge has kindly consented to accompany us as we inform the senior staff of this little situation."

McGonagall sighed and relented "Oh, very well. Come on, all of you."

Dumbledore, Flitwick and Snape did not come out of the hall to join them, and so must have taken a different route up to the Headmaster's office.

McGonagall led them right up to the stone gargoyle, which leapt aside once it heard the password (cockroach cluster) and let them up the spiralling staircase behind.

When they reached the door, she knocked, and from within the voice of the Headmaster called out "Enter!"



* * *



A/N - So how was that? To be honest, I was a little bit worried about how to write this chapter, but then I just started typing and it seemed to just flow onto the page. Been a while since that happened.

Sorry that the Snape confrontation wasn't in this chapter, but I think I'll save that for next time. Hope you enjoyed it. See you for the next chapter!





*Chapter 14*: In the Headmaster's Office


			So here it is. Finally we are at the big confrontation chapter. Everyone seems to be really looking forward to this, so hey, no pressure on me, right?

I will say this though, for those of you who were looking forward to Harry ranting and raving at Dumbledore about things such as his Gringotts accounts and family books, that stuff is not here. As was stated by Madam Bones in Chapter 2, they are building an airtight case against Dumbledore, aiming to hit him with everything at once. Harry ranting about those things now will give the game away and allow Dumbledore to work on covering his tracks. Both Dumbledore and Snape need to remain at Hogwarts so that a case can be made against them. Like Harry said in the previous chapter, he likes his enemies where he can see them!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 14: In the Headmaster's Office.

Albus Dumbledore was most put out by recent events. Things lately had not been going his way, and he was not used to that.

It began back at the end of the last school term, when the Minister of Magic, one Cornelius Fudge, had outright dismissed his claims that Lord Voldemort had returned to physical form.

Alright, so he had offered absolutely no proof of this fact whatsoever (other than having Severus show off the Dark Mark tattoo on his arm) but that was beside the point! He, Albus Dumbledore, had believed it to be true, and that ought to be good enough for everybody (as Minerva had once so eloquently put it.)

But no! With his old buddy Lucius listed as one of those supposedly reformed Death Eaters accused of attending the Dark Lord's rebirth, Fudge had gone on the defensive, and sought to turn Dumbledore into public enemy number one.

Of course that could not do, especially when they threatened to kick Dumbledore out of his position of Chief Warlock to the Wizengamot and subject both his position as Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and his role as Headmaster at Hogwarts School to intense scrutiny.

Dumbledore did not like people looking into his dealings too much. Only he, after all, had the ability to see the big picture. Only he could see how things should be done in order to attain the Greater Good. What others would see as being heinous crimes were actually, in the grand scheme of things, nothing more than necessary evils.

Too many people would fail to understand such things, of course. They would fail to see how keeping Snape within the castle was more important than giving students a fair and decent learning environment for their potions lessons. They would fail to comprehend how imperative it was to bring the Philosopher's Stone to Hogwarts in order to lure out Voldemort. They would fail to understand why he sent Harry Potter off to live with his neglectful relatives, and why he sent him back there every summer.

They would fail to understand because they had no concept of the Greater Good.

And that failure would ultimately lead to disaster if they were allowed to go through with their plans.

So Dumbledore had back-tracked a little. He had withdrawn his comments about Voldemort's return, and allowed Harry to take the fall. In this way he had gotten the Ministry, the school governors and the International Confederation of Wizards to back off, allowing him to covertly reform the Order of the Phoenix without raising suspicion.

Unfortunately allowing Harry to take the fall without telling him had since backfired, and quite spectacularly so.

Firstly the boy had somehow talked his way out of his trial. And then he had simply disappeared! He did not return home to his Muggle relatives in Little Whinging. He did not go to the house of a friend. There had been absolutely no sign of him in Diagon Alley all summer long, and there wasn't even a record of him leaving the Ministry that day.

Dumbledore had found several leads, but all of them turned up absolutely nothing. Worse, both Minister Fudge and Madam Bones appeared to be in the know and they weren't telling, no matter how much he insisted. Neither could be swayed by adulation of him, and neither could be intimidated by his power.

It was frustrating.

Then to cap it all, one of his spies within the Ministry, a young Auror named Nymphadora Tonks had gotten herself caught snooping around outside the courtroom where Harry's trial had taken place and had subsequently been kicked off of the Auror force.

That had actually turned out to be a blessing in disguise, though. When the Minister had attempted to crowbar his lackey Dolores Umbridge into Hogwarts using the vacant Defence Against the Dark Arts post, Dumbledore had been able to block his attempts by giving the role to Tonks.

Unfortunately this had not stopped Fudge. Somehow he had gotten Griselda Marchbanks of the Wizarding Examinations Authority to go against him and remove Professor Binns from his teaching position at the school.

Not only that, they had also created legislation to guarantee that Umbridge would take over the vacant position of History Professor after Binns was removed.

Since then Dumbledore had been dreading the damage that Umbridge would be able to do to his carefully laid plans, and he had worked hard to come up with a few contingencies.

There was one thing, however, that he had not been prepared for. Harry Potter working for the Ministry, in a role that they apparently sponsored, was not something that he had seen coming even in his wildest speculations.

For whatever reason the Ministry had seen fit to give Harry a position of power over not only his fellow students, but also over the prefects. It was a position that was almost akin to Head Boy, only apparently more-so.

Dumbledore had, of course, planned to confront Harry as soon as he returned to the school, but this news changed things, especially as it seemed that Harry had already been exercising his newly obtained power against his enemies.

He would have to tread carefully here, as he had no real grasp over the entire situation. Antagonising Harry too much might result in more interference from the Ministry, but at the same time Harry could not be allowed too much free rein, as he had the potential to be just as damaging to Hogwarts as Umbridge.

If not more so.

Harry's desired meetings with both Professor Flitwick and Professor Snape meant that both of those men were now in the Headmaster's office with Dumbledore so that all three meetings could be held at once.

With any luck their combined force, along with that provided by Professor McGonagall would be enough to derail Harry in his mission without doing too much damage.

A knock sounded at the door and Dumbledore put on his best grandfatherly expression before calling out "Enter!"

His grandfatherly expression quickly dropped when Minerva entered his office accompanied not only by Harry Potter, but another eight students and the newly instated Professor Umbridge.

Deciding to deal with the main problem first, he addressed the woman in pink.

"Professor Umbridge, what brings you here?"

"Mr Potter requested my presence," she replied in her sickly sweet tone of voice "To assist him the first time he deals with a head of house regarding the discipline of a prefect. Or in this case two."

"And what biased drivel had Potter been spouting as he attempts to victimise the students of my house?" asked Snape, his lip curled in a sneer.

"I'll be the first to admit it," said Harry "in this case there were Slytherin victims. However, it was also Slytherins who were the antagonists."

He gestured towards Padma and continued "Prefect Patil here discovered Malfoy, Parkinson, Crabbe and Goyle behaving in an intimidating manner towards the Greengrass sisters and Miss Davies. Malfoy even went so far as to hit Davies. When Prefect Patil went to intervene, as was her responsibility as an on-duty prefect, they behaved in a very disrespectful manner towards her. When I joined them, the four antagonistic Slytherins decided to take things to another level, with Parkinson getting into a physical confrontation with the other girls. Crabbe and Goyle attempted to join in while Malfoy went for his wand."

"And how was the situation resolved?" questioned Professor Flitwick.

"I took it upon myself to stun and bind all four of the antagonists, and had Prefect Patil escort the other three girls to a separate compartment before rounding up a few other prefects to assist me with dealing with the remaining Slytherin students. In the end all four of them were escorted to separate compartments, and other prefects kindly gave up some of their personal time to stand guard over them."

Snape was seething "You cannot go around treating students in MY house like that!"

"Actually I can," replied Harry "They were judged to be a threat and so I co-ordinated the prefects in neutralising them for the remainder of the journey. As I just explained to Malfoy down in the Great Hall, their solitary confinement was not for their punishment, but for the protection of the other students. Their punishment is what a wished to discuss with you, Professor Snape."

Seeing that the man was about to bite out a verbal attack against Harry, Dumbledore cut in, asking Padma "Would you agree with Mr Potter's version of events, Miss Patil?"

She was obviously a bit nervous at being questioned by Professor Dumbledore directly, but Padma still managed to reply "I would, Professor. The emotional and physical well-being of the three girls to my left was clearly at risk when I decided to intervene. I am lucky that the Student Advisor arrived to offer me some assistance, as it was clear that the other four had no intentions of backing down."

Dumbledore studied her for a minute, his eyes twinkling slightly. Harry barely kept himself from scowling, having been warned that such a thing was a rare sign of Legillimency. Although Dumbledore would find nothing in Padma's mind to contradict their version of events, Harry still made a mental note to help Padma learn the basics of Occlumency. One could not be too careful after all.

The Headmaster took his gaze off of Padma, looked to the other three Slytherins in the room and asked "And you? Do you three agree with this version of events?"

After getting three nods in reply he turned to Harry and asked "Which other prefects were involved?"

"Abbott, MacMillan, Chang, Hooper, Summerby, Dunstan and Parkin," replied Harry "The Head Boy was there as well. Would you like to question them?"

"No," said Dumbledore "No, that will not be necessary." He turned to the group of four "And what of your version of events?"

Neither Malfoy nor Parkinson said anything in reply. Crabbe and Goyle said nothing either, though it was debatable whether or not they would have understood the question.

Harry smiled slightly. It appeared that Draco Malfoy might have actually learned his lesson.

"Very well," said Dumbledore "The four of you have served punishment enough. You may go."

The four exchanged looks of glee and made to leave.

Harry could barely believe what he had just heard and spoke up "No, they may not go. As I said, their solitary confinement on the train was for the protection of the other students, not to be their punishment."

"Be that as it may," said Dumbledore "you do not have the final word on this-"

"Actually I do," replied Harry.

He reached into his robes and pulled out the roll of parchment containing the Ministerial Decree that he had read out in the prefects' compartment on the train. He quickly quoted the line about being able to reprimand prefects who behaved inappropriately.

"And what then do you recommend?" asked McGonagall.

"I have already issued Malfoy and Parkinson with one strike each. Incidentally obtaining three such strikes will mean that they will lose their badge. In addition to that, I recommend a loss of twenty house points each and a week of detentions assisting Hagrid in mucking out the Hippogriff paddock. Crabbe and Goyle too."

"Now see here Potter-" began Snape, but Umbridge cut across him.

"Tragic though it may be that this has happened to the children of two such upstanding houses, I myself and the Minister fully support this punishment. Mr Malfoy and Miss Parkinson were caught behaving in a manner entirely unbecoming of a prefect. Serving a deserved punishment should make them think twice about such behaviour in the future."

Dumbledore leaned back in his chair looking thoughtful. Finally he said "Very well. The punishment shall stand."

"Headmaster, you cannot possibly allow Potter to get away with this!" shouted Snape "He's only trying to deduct as many points from Slytherin house as he possibly can."

"That is enough Severus," Dumbledore replied warningly. He turned to the four troublemakers "You will be informed when you will serve your detentions. You may leave."

As the group of four made their way towards the door, Umbridge asked "Will you be ensuring that these four make it back to their dormitories safely, Professor Snape?"

The man glared at her as Dumbledore said "I'm afraid that I still require Professor Snape's presence."

"Oh, are we done here?" asked Harry "If you've got a meeting with Professor Snape scheduled then we can postpone ours and I'll meet with Professor Flitwick in his office."

"Professor Snape is here as a part of my meeting with you," replied Dumbledore.

"Didn't realise," said Harry "I was operating under the assumption that I was to have a quick meeting with two of the heads of house regarding their students before having a meeting with the Headmaster and the deputy. I did not realise that you wished for the other heads of house to attend the main meeting. Perhaps someone ought to go and find Professor Sprout."

"That will not be necessary…" began Dumbledore before Harry cut him off.

"Why? If Professor Snape's presence is required in out meeting, and I can think of no reason for him to be other than is his role as head of Slytherin house, then logic dictates that Professor Sprout must be here too. And, of course, that Professor Flitwick should remain after I have discussed Prefect Patil with him."

Dumbledore regarded him with a piercing gaze. Harry saw the familiar twinkle in the man's eyes and made sure that his occlumency shields were up. He would not have been able to block out Dumbledore if the man had done a proper attempt at reading his mind, but a surface scan like Dumbledore was doing now was easily deflected by his shields.

Finally Dumbledore seemed to relent. He turned away from Harry and asked "Would you escort these three as well, Professor Snape?" He was referring, of course, to Daphne, Astoria and Tracey.

"Oh, they won't be going back to their dormitories tonight," said Harry "All three will need to visit the Hospital Wing following the fighting. Prefect Patil can escort them there after the two of us have talked with Professor Flitwick."

Professor Snape glared at him but wisely decided to do no more than that. He gave a stiff but courteous nod to Dumbledore before following the four troublemaking Slytherins out of the room.

Harry had expected a lot more arguing to occur, but then Draco had probably realised that he was not going to get much sympathy from anyone other than Snape or Pansy. He would probably begin penning a letter to his father the moment he got back to the Slytherin common room.

To be honest his dealing with Professor Snape had gone better than he had ever hoped. It seemed that Dumbledore's insistence at a meeting had a silver lining to it, resulting in Snape keeping himself in better check than normal.

The presence of Professor Umbridge probably helped too.

As the door closed behind Snape, Professor Flitwick spoke up "What is it that you desired to speak to me about, Mr Potter?"

"It was just to inform you that Prefect Patil here has been awarded a merit," replied Harry "Her behaviour on the train today was exemplary, and she is a credit to her not only those of her position but also her house and the school as a whole. A merit does of course come with twenty house points."

"Splendid!" said Professor Flitwick with a chuckle "I can see that I made the correct choice in giving you that badge Miss Patil, unlike others."

"Thank you," replied Padma. She, like Harry was thinking that Professor Flitwick might not have been referring solely to Snape's choice of Malfoy and Parkinson for prefect status.

Flitwick hopped down from his seat and said "If that is all, Mr Potter, I shall assist Miss Patil in escorting these three young ladies to the Hospital Wing before ensuring that she herself returns to Ravenclaw tower safely."

"Thank you for your time, Professor Flitwick." said Harry politely.

They all watched as the vertically challenged charms professor escorted the four students out of the Headmaster's office.

Then it was just the four of them. Harry and Umbridge on one side, Dumbledore and McGonagall on the other.

"This won't take long, Professor Umbridge," said Dumbledore "there is no reason for you to stay."

"Nor is there any reason for Professor McGonagall to stay." replied Umbridge.

The transfiguration professor drew herself up and replied "I am here because Mr Potter is a member of my house."

"Actually I'm not," replied Harry "Remember? I just announced it in the Great Hall when the feast ended."

McGonagall glared at him before responding "Then I am here as the Deputy Headmistress."

"And Professor Umbridge is here to make sure that you fully comprehend the Ministry's position on this matter." replied Harry.

"Very well," said Dumbledore wearily "Harry, why did you feel it necessary to claim your new position?"

"I already explained that down in the Great Hall" replied Harry "There have been too many prefects in the past that either did not bother doing their job or abused their position. I intend to weed them out and take any actions against them that are necessary. At the same time I will help the good prefects where I can, and assist my fellow students where required."

"You do not need to do this, Harry," said Dumbledore "If there are problems with the prefects, or any other student, then the teachers are there to handle them. That's what they are there for."

"You're right," said Harry "That is what they are there for. Unfortunately I have four years' worth of evidence that proves that the teachers do not do that job. And most of that evidence centres on the four students that Professor Snape just escorted out of the room, as well as Professor Snape himself of course."

"Professor Snape has my complete trust-" Dumbledore began, but Harry cut him off.

"That may be good enough for you, Headmaster, but it isn't for me."

"Nor for the Ministry," added Umbridge "There have been more complaints about that man registered with the Wizarding Examinations Authority than all your other current members of staff combined, and most of them have been here for a lot longer than Severus Snape has."

"Certain staff and pupils have been allowed far too much free rein, Professor," said Harry "and other members of staff have left a lot to be desired in helping the other students deal with these issues. That is why I have my new role, to help those who no longer feel that they can go to the teachers with their problems."

"If students do not come to us, then we cannot be expected to help them," said McGonagall.

"There are reasons that they do not come to you," replied Harry "They need someone, Professor, and in my time here I have time and again been shown that going to a teacher proves to be nothing more than fruitless."

Seeing that McGonagall had no answer to that, Dumbledore tried to change his approach by asking a different question "Why do you feel that the Ministry saw fit to give this position to you specifically, Harry?"

"Mr Potter was chosen because the Ministry believes him to be the best candidate available for the job," said Umbridge, answering for Harry "And it was he, after all, who brought the need for such a role as the one he now has to the attention of the Ministry. We also believe that, through his excellent performance when he represented this school in the Tri-Wizard Tournament he has shown himself to be an exemplary student that others should be able to respect."

"I will not stand for the Ministry using a student in my care for their own purposes." said Dumbledore.

"But I'm not," said Harry "I get paid a salary for my role."

"How much are you being paid?" asked McGonagall.

"That is between me and the Ministry" replied Harry "as it is they, and not the school, that pays me. And of course this role will look good when I eventually apply for a full time job after I finish school."

"And how do you plan to fit these new responsibilities around your studies?" asked Dumbledore.

"Well the Prefects and Head Boy and Girl seem to manage alright," said Harry "Of course I won't be having to attend Quidditch practices, so that frees up more time. Oh, and I will be dropping Divination class altogether."

"You cannot drop classes during your fifth year, Harry." said Dumbledore, warningly.

"We've already approved it with Madam Marchbanks of the Wizarding Examinations Authority," said Umbridge "Any student can opt out of one of the optional subjects in favour of a work-based course that will potentially lead to a job offer, you know that Dumbledore."

Harry could tell by the look on the man's face that he did know this. It was an interesting fact that Harry had not been informed of this when he was choosing which extra classes to take for his O.W.L. years. He would have liked to have pursued one of the alternate courses a long time ago, and would have dropped Divination in favour of one the moment he knew that such things were available.

Hannah actually went to work with her mother for a few hours every week, building up a few basic skills that were required to become a healer. Susan took a class provided by the DMLE at the Ministry studying law. And they told him that their fellow Hufflepuff Ernie Macmillan would go and work in his Dad's office at the family's ink production factory, aiming to one day take over the family business. Harry had never noticed until this was mentioned, but most of the inkpots he purchased for school use had a small bit of writing beneath the logo on the label that read "Manufactured by Macmillan & Sons. Est. 1655."

Harry had somehow been completely denied the opportunity to do such things and wasn't very happy about it. As the majority of these extra classes occurred outside of the school, he supposed that this was just more evidence of Dumbledore attempting to keep him under his thumb.

Apparently Dumbledore did not like the direction that the course of the conversation had switched to and so made an attempt to change it "Where did you go this summer, Harry?"

Harry stood up from his seat and replied "I am afraid that that information is no concern of yours, Headmaster."

"I am your magical guardian," responded Dumbledore "It is my right to know what happened to you during the time you were missing."

"I was not missing." replied Harry "Nor was I ever officially reported as such. I informed the Ministry of my new location and received their approval. And they were the only ones who needed to know."

And before Dumbledore could say anything more, Harry turned and left, Umbridge following him after offering "Good night Albus, Minerva."

Neither said anything to her in response.

Once the door was shut, McGonagall turned to Dumbledore and asked "Why did you just let him leave?"

Dumbledore took off his glassed and rubbed the bridge of his nose before replying "We would have gained nothing more out of him tonight. That boy can be very stubborn when he wants to be, and now he has the Ministry's backing."

"How bad is our situation now?"

"I honestly cannot say, Minerva. Harry clearly is not happy with us and is convinced that the staff cannot handle bullying students effectively."

"I've warned you time and again that allowing Severus so much freedom to rule Slytherin House as he sees fit would only come back to bite us."

"I trust Severus' judgement, Minerva, and I ask that you do too."

"It's is had to trust that man's judgement when he chose two of the biggest bullies in that year group to be prefects. What were you thinking when you approved them for the role?"

"I was hoping that by having responsibility thrust upon them that they would respond appropriately and grow up. That, as I recall, is the same thing that you and I both hope to achieve by appointing Ronald Weasley to the same position. I would say that buy implementing a three strikes plan; all three of those students may be stripped of those badges before they can learn their lessons."

"Or it may help them learn it quicker," offered McGonagall with a touch of hope in her voice.

"Perhaps." replied Dumbledore. He gave a weary sigh and said "We knew that there was going to be a storm coming from the Ministry, but I never suspected that Harry Potter would be on their side for it."

"Well what did you expect, abandoning him like that?" demanded McGonagall "Who knows what he was thinking all those days he spent alone at his Muggle relatives' house. You betrayed his trust, Albus. We all did."

Dumbledore rubbed a hand over his face and heaved another sigh.

This was going to be a long school year.



* * *



"When I arrived here earlier this afternoon, I took the liberty of talking to a few House Elves and having them organise an office and private quarters for you Mr Potter, as per the Minister's request." said Professor Umbridge as the two made their way along the corridor that led away from the Headmaster's office "They chose one that is situated close to the approximate half-way point between all four house common rooms, ensuring that it will be easy to find for any student that needs you."

"Thank you," said Harry politely "Once I receive my class schedule tomorrow at breakfast I will be able to organise a timetable for when I can meet with students. Oh, and thank you for assisting me back there. I think your presence really helped in getting Snape to hold his tongue."

"You mean he's usually worse than that?" asked Umbridge sounding surprised.

"Much worse," replied Harry "especially when I'm around."

"And Dumbledore just lets him get away with it?"

"Oh yes. I mean, they can't control students who bully, so why would a bullying teacher be handled any better?"

"I'll have to keep a close eye on him then."

"You should. By rights potions has the potential to be one of the most enjoyable classes at this school. Instead it is one of the most dreaded, and that is purely due to the fact that it is Snape who teaches it."

By now their path had led them to the corridor in which Harry's new office and sleeping quarters were located.

The door was situated behind a suit of armour.

Professor Umbridge instructed him that he only had to inform the suit of armour of what his password would be and the door would be opened.

Harry waited for her to leave before turning to the suit of armour and stating "The password is "liberation"."

The suit of armour nodded its head in understanding before stepping to the side and opening the door for Harry, who stepped through and found a small yet cosy office located within, complete with his own desk.

It was late though, so, deciding that he would have a look around in the morning, he made his way over to the door that was located on the opposite side of the room. Beyond he found a small sitting room, complete with a fireplace, a sofa and two comfy looking armchairs.

But it was in the next room that he found what he was looking for; a large and comfortable looking bed.

Harry reached into the pocket on the inside of his robes and pulled out the sample of treacle tart that he had taken from the Great Hall earlier.

"Tippy!" he called out into the darkness of the room.

With a faint pop Tippy the House Elf appeared. She belonged to the Bones family and had been the one that usually cleaned Harry's room when he stayed at their house during the summer. Madam Bones had arranged it so that Tippy could travel to Harry at Hogwarts if he had need of her.

"Yes, young sir?" she asked him.

Harry held out the package and said "Please take this to Madam Bones. It needs testing for a suspicious potion."

"Right away sir!" said Tippy with a bow before popping away.

With that last job for the day done, Harry stretched and turned towards the bed.

Deciding to let his inner child out to play, Harry took a running jump and landed spread-eagled on top of the bed, the soft mattress easily cushioning his landing.

'Well,' he thought as he lay there 'that's day one over with…'

And with that thought, he fell into a deep and peaceful sleep, on top of the bed and still fully clothed.



* * *



A/N: Well, if the chapter previous to this one flowed onto the page nice and easily, this one was the exact opposite. Wow that was hard.

I know that some of you may not like it because Harry didn't bring up his vaults, family books or his brooms, but again I reiterate – that stuff is being collected by Madam Bones and being put in a massive folder marked "evidence" that is being kept under every protection charm she knows as she builds up an air-tight case against Dumbledore. Harry saying too much now will just put Dumbledore even more on the alert than he normally is. I did try to give Harry enough digs at the staff to keep you happy though. And for those of you awaiting the Snape explosion, it's coming. He really does not appreciate what happened to him and his favourite students in this chapter.

Anyway, I hope that you enjoyed this chapter. Look out for the next one!





*Chapter 15*: The Snape of Things to Come


			So there was a good response to the last chapter. Thankfully everyone seemed to get why Harry did not take Dumbledore immediately to task over various things.

As a side note, from the opinions voiced in multiple reviews, I appear to have done what was once thought impossible, and made Dolores Umbridge into a somewhat likeable. I don't think it's a fanfiction first, but I think it's safe to say that it is an extremely rare phenomenon. I do try to keep things original, after all (and that is extremely hard to do in the Harry Potter fanfiction community!)

Anyway, thanks again for all your support. Enjoy chapter 15!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 15: The "Snape" of Things to Come!

Harry cursed himself when he awoke the next morning. Weary from the previous day's events, he had stumbled through his quarters and to his bedroom where he fell asleep on top of his bed without giving a thought to doing even the briefest of check of the rooms for any unsavoury spell work.

Madam Bones would be so disappointed in him!

Before he could even think of taking a shower, Harry whipped out his wand and cast every detection spell he knew over every object and in every nook and cranny his new rooms held. Fortunately the spells turned up nothing, so it seemed that Dolores Umbridge had been able to arrange for the House Elves to set up these rooms for Harry without Dumbledore getting wind of it. If he had, it was likely that everything from the pillows on the bed to the toilet seat would be enchanted with some kind of monitoring spell.

After having a quick shower and getting dressed, Harry fed Hedwig a few owl treats before picking up his schoolbag and heading towards the door. As he walked, he opened the front compartment of his bag to check that he had a full stock of quills, ink and parchment.

It turned out that he had plenty of each in supply, as well as all of the text books for his chosen subjects. However, also contained within that compartment was something altogether unexpected.

Four wands.

It seemed that, as well as forgetting to check his quarters for spells, he had also forgotten to give Draco and his cronies their wands back the night before.

Well, a night without their wands should probably cause them all to respect what a privilege it was to have them in the first place (note: should!) Whether they did or did not, Snape was guaranteed to be on the war path at breakfast.

Deciding to deal with that problem when it reared its greasy head, Harry zipped up his bag and then opened the door to exit his rooms. The suit of armour beyond stepped aside in order to allow him to pass out into the corridor and then resumed its spot in front of the door.

For the briefest second Harry felt a mild surge of panic. He knew that he had set the password to get into his quarters the night before, but for a brief moment he could not remember what he had chosen it to be.

Then it came to him: Liberation.

As he began walking along the corridor, he repeated the word many times over in his head in order to make sure that he remembered it.

Unfortunately he was so engrossed in this that he literally walked into someone. Fortunately the other person was quite a bit smaller than him, so he was not knocked over. For the girl he had walked into, however, it was a different matter. Only the fact that she had two fellow students behind her stopped her from toppling over backwards and landing flat on her back on the cold stone floor.

"Hey, sorry about that." said Harry as the two girls pushed the other back onto her feet.

"S'okay!" the first girl squeaked in embarrassment.

Harry noticed immediately that they were each wearing the ties and badges of Ravenclaw House, and all three appeared to be first years.

"So, where are you headed?" he asked, hoping to be helpful.

"To breakfast," muttered one of the girls.

"But we got lost." said the third.

"Well, the bad news is that you are going in completely the wrong direction," said Harry "but the good news is that I am heading to breakfast as well, so why don't you follow me?"

All three girls nodded and followed him as he set off towards the Great Hall.

"So how come you didn't go down to breakfast with some of the other students?" Harry asked in an effort to make conversation as they walked along.

"We were following some second years, but stopped to look at a portrait of children flying kites in a field," explained one of the girls "when we turned to carry on the second years were gone."

Harry thought about that for a moment, and could not recall ever seeing a portrait of children flying kites, but then again he had never had any cause to go near Ravenclaw Tower, so any portraits located near there were not ones he would have come across.

Then again, it had also been some time since he had bothered to study any of the portraits in the castle. The one they had described could well have been a new one, and he had just never noticed it.

"Well don't worry," he said "Most people get lost at some point during their first few weeks here. But before you know it, you'll be able to make your way down to the Great Hall or to your classrooms with your eyes closed."

"Is there a spell for that?" asked one of the girls, eagerly.

"Um…" said Harry thoughtfully "No, not that I know of."

"Oh, there you three are!" exclaimed a voice from behind them.

Harry and the girls turned around to see Padma Patil hurrying towards them.

"Hey, Padma," said Harry "What brings you here?"

"I was looking for these three," replied Padma "All the other first years arrived with some of the second years. When these three didn't turn up I decided to go looking for them."

Harry turned to the three girls and asked "See that? She came looking for you. That's someone you can trust right there, so never be afraid to talk to her, okay?"

All three girls nodded.

"For that matter," Harry continued "you can always come and talk to me."

"Okay," squeaked one of the girls, whilst the other two looked too embarrassed to do anything more than nod with their eyes fixed firmly on the floor.

Padma rolled her eyes at their behaviour and said "Come on, let's go."

As they walked Padma asked of Harry "So, any plans to sit at the Ravenclaw table this morning?"

"Actually I was planning on sitting with the Hufflepuffs for breakfast and Ravenclaws for lunch," answered Harry "but if you really wanted me to I suppose that I could switch up the order of things."

"No," said Padma "lunch will be fine. I'll save you a seat. But does this mean that you'll be having dinner with the Slytherins?"

"Looks that way…" said Harry before trailing off unsurely.

"I'll arrange for the coffin to be delivered tomorrow morning," said Padma "Do you like yew or are you a mahogany person?"

"I'd prefer a pine if you can get it," replied Harry, keeping up the joke "I rather like the smell, and it is a much more eco-friendly option."

"Noted. Seriously though, how do you plan on surviving sitting with the Slytherins?"

"Well, hopefully I can sit next to Tracey Davis or one of the Greengrass sisters, so at least one side of me should be safe. From then on the plan is to keep my wand in my hand and touch nothing."

"Sounds like a reasonable idea," replied Padma. She was silent for a few moments, apparently lost in thought. Then she asked "So if you do survive dinner with the Slytherins, I was wondering if maybe you wanted to hang out later?"

Harry paused at that. He looked to the girls and said "If you go down that staircase, the Great Hall is on your right."

All three hurried off down the stairs.

Harry turned to Padma and asked "Do you mean like a date or something?"

"If you want," she replied, sounding suddenly unsure of herself.

"I'd like that," said Harry, and was rewarded with a bright smile.

"Really?" she asked.

"Yeah. What did you have in mind?"

Her lips moved slightly as she tried to find an answer, but finally wincing and replying "You know what? I concentrated so hard on working up the courage to ask you on a date that I didn't stop to think up something for us to actually do on the date."

Harry chuckled and said "Well, I guess Hogsmeade is out of the question. Tell you what, I'm the guy here. You did the asking, so let me plan what we do."

A smile formed on her face as she replied "Okay. Let me know at lunch."

"Sure thing," said Harry as she turned and walked down the remaining flight of stairs.

Just before she disappeared into the Great Hall she glanced back at him over her shoulder and smiled before disappearing from view.

Harry remained standing at the top of the stairs, a smile of his own on his face.

He had a date!

Not only that, he had a date with a witch who was considered by many of his classmates to be one of the prettiest girls in their year.

Not only that, she was kind, thoughtful and intelligent person to boot! It didn't get much better than that.

'Suck on that everyone who ever thought I might be gay!' he thought as he finally began to make his way down the stairs.

The timing of the date was set for after dinner, so all he had to do now was plan what they were actually going to do on their date.

He stopped walking.

'Holy hell, I have to plan a date!' he thought in a panic. He didn't have the first clue how to do that.

Alright, he wasn't completely clueless. He knew that the basic formula for a date with a girl was dinner and either a movie or dancing. But that was in the Muggle world. He was at Hogwarts. They didn't show movies at Hogwarts. Opportunities to go dancing at Hogwarts were very few and far between. And unless you felt like sneaking into the kitchens to pay a visit to the House Elves, dinner at Hogwarts was only available in the Great Hall.

His mind whirled about as thoughts raced through his head at a million miles an hour. Aside from a stroll through Hogsmeade Village when the staff allowed it, what could possibly constitute a date for two students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?

As he resumed his walk towards the Great Hall, he thought about older students whom he had seen dating each other. He didn't make a habit of studying them, but sometimes they were hard to ignore.

For the most part, "dates" at Hogwarts seemed to consist of finding a secluded spot in an alcove or in the shade of a tree in order to snog for a bit until a teacher or prefect (or Peeves) found you. As fun as snogging Padma sounded, Harry doubted that that was all she would want out of a first date.

For that matter, he didn't even know if Padma would be up for snogging him at all on their first date. Somehow she didn't seem to be that type of girl.

Some days in the warmer months couples could be seen sitting on the grassy lawns watching the world go by together. Did that constitute a proper date?

Harry wondered if he ought to work on an attempt to increase the number of Hogsmeade trips per year. Seriously, so long as they all did their homework, what was wrong with the students being allowed to wander down to the village on any Saturday of the year? They all needed to regularly top up their school supplies after all, as well as buy treats for pets amongst other things. It seemed strange that they could only do that on three set days in the year, and the rest of the time they had to settle for ordering their supplies through owl post, which was rather inefficient as it took so long.

He must have entered the Great Hall without realising, for he was suddenly pulled unpleasantly from his train of thought by a shout.

"Potter!"

Harry blinked and the world came back into focus. He was literally standing just in the dead centre of the frame of the double doors to the Great Hall. The eyes of all the students at the four house tables, as well as all of those belonging to the people seated at the staff table were on him as Severus Snape stormed along the aisle between the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw tables, heading straight towards Harry. His black robes billowed about in that style that only he seemed to have perfected, and yet, as always, his long and greasy hair barely moved an inch.

Obviously it had been Snape who had shouted his name at him. It seemed that the man wanted as many witnesses for this event as possible.

'Fine by me!' thought Harry before asking "How may I help you, Professor Snape?"

"Don't play dumb with me you insolent little whelp!" sneered the school's resident potions master "Malfoy has informed me that you stole his wand as well as those of his friends. Now hand them over."

"I stole nothing," replied Harry calmly "Those wands were confiscated from the students in question as their behaviour on the Hogwarts Express warranted it. I held onto the wands for the night in order to teach those four a lesson in humility; however I had every intention of giving them back to their owners this morning so as to not interfere with their lessons."

"A likely story!" scoffed Snape "Admit it. You were hoping that they would be unable to perform magic in class and so loose plenty of house points, weren't you?"

"I am afraid that you could not be more wrong, Professor," said Harry.

"Is that so?" the man asked with a dangerous edge to his voice "Well then, let's see how you like this. Two hundred points from Gryffindor for wand theft."

He smirked at Harry and said "Well, that should mean that the Gryffindors will be in the minus figures until after the Christmas holidays at the very least."

"Again you are incorrect, Professor," said Harry "As I said during my speech last night, my new role requires me to be entirely neutral. Therefore I am no longer of any of the school houses, Gryffindor or otherwise."

"And yet you still wear the colours of Gryffindor House," replied Snape with a sneer.

Harry looked down and saw that he was right "Oh, so I am. My mistake."

And with that, he took out his wand and tapped the badge on the front of his robes, causing the image of the Gryffindor lion to shrink back into just one quarter of the available space. The remaining three quarters of the space was filled by the eagle of Ravenclaw, the badger of Hufflepuff and the serpent of Slytherin. Then a big 'H' appeared, meaning that his robes now bore the emblem of Hogwarts School itself, rather than one of its individual houses.

This was followed by a tap of the wand to his tie, which caused the red and gold stripes on it to narrow and for some to change colour so that there were eight different colours, red and gold for Gryffindor, blue and bronze for Ravenclaw, yellow and black for Hufflepuff and green and silver for Slytherin.

Then finally one tap to the collar of his robes saw the silk lining that for Gryffindors was a dark red turn into the black colour that the lining originally was went first purchased.

"There," said Harry as he pocketed his wand "I trust that you find this change satisfactory, Professor."

There was a vein throbbing in Snape's forehead now. Harry had seen that phenomenon in the man on several occasions over the past few years, but the only time it had ever been this severe looking had been at the end of his third year when Sirius Black evaded the Dementor's kiss and Snape was convinced that Harry was somehow involved (which he was, but Snape had no way to prove that.)

Of course, Harry realised that it was taking Snape every ounce of self-control he had to stop himself from exploding right there in the Great Hall. This meant that there were only a few seconds more to go before Snape either hexed him or had a stroke, therefore Harry decided to end their conversation there and then by stepping around the man and striding towards the front of the hall.

He stood before the staff table and turned to face the students before asking "Could Draco Malfoy, Pansy Parkinson, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle of Slytherin House please come up here?"

Two of the four students in question exchanges looks with each other and several of their house mates before getting to their feet. The other two simply waited to see what the first two would tell them to do. All four of them then walked to the front of the hall.

"The behaviour exhibited by the four of you on the train yesterday was appalling," said Harry "can I trust that you will not behave like that again?"

Showing that they had at least some brain cells rattling around in their self-important heads, both Draco and Pansy nodded in reply. Crabbe and Goyle mirrored them, even if they did not entirely understand the question asked.

"Very well…" said Harry before swinging his backpack off of his shoulder and opening it up to retrieve the four wands. He held them out to the four Slytherins, each of whom took their own before slinking back to their house table.

Harry stepped away from the staff table and headed towards the Hufflepuffs. On the way he noticed that Snape was still standing between the Ravenclaw and Gryffindor house tables.

He called out "Was there something else you wanted, Professor?"

In response Snape gave Harry his trademark sneer before turning and sweeping out of the hall, robes billowing around him once again.

Harry shook his head and continued to the Hufflepuff table. Every eye followed him.

Hannah shoved Megan Jones to get the girl to budge over before patting the now vacated spot next to her.

"Thanks Hannah" said Harry before sitting down "Good morning, Hufflepuffs."

"Good morning Harry," chirped Hannah brightly "So, care to tell me what the show at lunch will be?"

"Show?" questioned Harry "What show?"

"Well, last night there was the big "I'm here to help you" monologue, and this morning you and Snape gave us double-act performance following by some award-winning performances by the Slytherins, seriously, Pansy ought to win a BAFTA for how well she acted the part of "sad-looking witch." And after all that, I want to know what kind of act we can be seeing at lunch."

"Hate to tell you this, but none of that this morning was planned," replied Harry "And how to do know about the BAFTA's, anyway?"

"Oh, so that was all improv, nice," said Hannah "And just because I'm from a Noble and Ancient House does not mean I am a pleb. Muggleborn mother, remember?"

"Right, gotcha." said Harry before looking across the table "Morning Susan, how are you?"

Susan glared right back at him, though the effect was dampened by the fact that she was obviously sulking about something.

"Oh, don't be like that Sue, Harry doesn't know yet." said Hannah.

"What don't I know?" asked Harry.

Hannah leaned in and said in a staged whisper so that everyone within twenty feet heard her "Eddie Carmichael went and got himself a girlfriend during the summer."

Harry turned to look over his shoulder to look at the Ravenclaw table. He had to raise himself out of his seat a little in order to look over the heads of the Gryffindors seated at their table.

Sure enough, Eddie Carmichael was sitting there, trying to remove some girl's appendix via her mouth with his tongue. Cho Chang and her friend Marietta Edgecombe seemed to be trying to give the amorous pair as much room as possible.

"Oh yeah," he mumbled, feeling more than a little bit grossed out by the overly public display of affection.

"Stupid trollop," growled Susan.

"Oh, come on Susan," said Hannah "In all the years you've fancied him, how many times have you actually talked to him?"

"I was gonna let him know that I liked him eventually," grumbled Susan "Stupid prat could've waited until I was ready."

"Yeah, well you'll just have to find someone else to pine after," said Hannah "How about Harry?"

Susan flushed scarlet, but Harry didn't notice as he was paying attention to the results of the spells he was using to test the food around him. He did, however, register Hannah's comment and replied with an absent minded "She can't. I'm taken too."

Around him several conversations stopped, causing him to look up and glance around. Then he leaned towards Hannah and asked "I said that too loud, didn't I?"

"Yup," she replied with a grin "Now spill it, Potter."

Harry was saved from further embarrassment by the arrival of Professor McGonagall, who asked "Mr Potter, why are you not seated with the Gryffindors?"

"Seriously?" Harry asked "After that performance with Snape just now I have to explain it again?"

McGonagall's lips thinned and her nostrils flared, two major signs that she was angry. However she refrained from commenting and instead said "No, Mr Potter, you have made yourself quite clear. I just came over to deliver your weekly timetable. As we were unaware of your change in plans you are still down for taking all of your classes with Gryffindor students. I have, however, taken the liberty of removing Divination from your timetable. I expect you to use those vacant periods wisely."

"Thank you, Professor," Harry replied, taking the timetable from her "And don't worry. I plan on using those free periods to do as much of my homework as possible, therefore allowing me more time after classes and on weekends to do my duties as Student Advisor."

"Very well," she said "Let me know if you require any assistance in your duties."

With that she turned and headed back to the Gryffindor table.

"I'll keep that in mind," muttered Harry as he tried to remember McGonagall ever offering him assistance in anything before.

After realising that she had not done such a thing before, and therefore coming to the conclusion that she must have offered on Dumbledore's orders, Harry glanced down at the timetable in his hand.

He had a day that was mostly double periods ahead of him. Double History of Magic, followed by break, then double Potions, lunch, a homework period due to his dropping of Divination, and then to round the day off nicely, he had a double period of Defence Against the Dark Arts before dinner.

Both of the new teachers plus the greasy git all on the first day back at school. What joy.

Hannah leaned in over his shoulder and let out a whistle before commenting "Wow. Don't you have a fun day ahead of you?"

"Someone out there must hate me," he replied "I always seem to end up with at least one potions lesson on the first day back. What have you got?"

"Dunno," replied Hannah "Professor Sprout hasn't been along with our timetables yet. Anyway, that's enough talk about lessons. Before McGonagall rudely interrupted us, you let slip a juicy bit of information about being "taken." Now explain."

Harry sighed and replied "Alright, well I guess I'm not really "taken" so much as, well… look, I just arranged to meet up with Padma after dinner, that's all."

"As in a date?" asked Susan.

"Yes, Susan," replied Harry "a date. Padma and I are going on a date."

"A date where?" asked Hannah.

"I don't know yet. I have to plan that part, but so far the best that I have been able to come up with has been a stroll around the lake."

"That's actually not a bad way to go if you two are just testing the waters, so to speak," commented Hannah "Just don't get so tongue-tied around her that you can't talk to her. That'll make things go really slowly."

"I don't normally get tongue tied around Padma," replied Harry "And I don't plan on starting now. But is taking her on a walk around the lake good enough for a first date?"

Susan leaned across the table and said in a low voice "You could always call on Tippy and ask if she'll sort you out with a picnic basket."

Harry nodded his head thoughtfully, a walk around the lake in the evening sun with a break part of the way around for a little picnic sounded like an acceptable first date, especially given his limited options inside the castle and its grounds.

If only there was a magical room that could transform itself into anything you wanted…

All conversation about Harry's upcoming date came to a stop when, with a screech, the first of the many owls that brought the morning's post flew into the Great Hall, followed by whole parliament of others.

The owls swooped down low over the five long tables and began landing in front of the intended recipients of their deliveries.

A Tawny Owl landed in front of Harry and held out its leg to him in order to allow him to untie the day's copy of The Daily Prophet from it.

Harry took the paper and deposited a single bronze Knut coin into the pouch on the owl's other leg. The bird then flew off as Harry unfurled the newspaper.

There on the front page, staring back at him was Harry himself. He was standing to the immediate left of the Minister for Magic, with both Dolores Umbridge and Griselda Marchbanks standing on the Minister's right hand side.

The headline read "Education Reform Latest" and below that a subheading read "Ministry has full support and cooperation of Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived."

"Well would you look at that?" asked Hannah "And there was me thinking that the show for breakfast was over, now it turns out that your little sparring session with Snape was just the opening act."

"What can I say?" joked Harry "I like to keep my fans entertained."

"Don't look now, but Dumbledore seems a little pissed," said Susan.

"I'm not surprised," commented Ernie Macmillan from her left before quoting aloud from the text "During my time at Hogwarts I have been assured that the castle is a safe place to be. Unfortunately I myself have had several experiences that have shown that to not be the case, not least of which was my name ending up in the Goblet of Fire at the start of the Tri Wizard Tournament last year."

"How about this?" asked Megan Jones, and she quoted "The staff at Hogwarts do not seem to be subjected to any form of review, and this, in my experience, seems to have led to some of the staff behaving in an unprofessional manner. This attitude has, of course, let to a certain degree of distrust amongst the students for the staff."

"Tell me if you find something that isn't true," said Harry.

"I agree with every word, Harry." said Ernie.

"Same here," agreed Megan.

"Mr Potter!"

He hadn't even had his first class yet, and that was the third time that morning that a teacher had come over and addressed him.

"Yes, Professor McGonagall?" asked Harry, turning in his seat to face her.

"The Headmaster would like to see you in his office," she answered "Now."

Harry gave a weary sigh before getting to his feet "Fine, but this had better not make me late for class."

The stony-faced Transfiguration Professor said nothing in reply. Instead she turned with a swish of tartan and led the way out of the Great Hall, Harry following along behind after telling the Hufflepuffs that he would see them later.

"Summoned to the Headmaster's office twice before the first class starts," commented Susan as she and the others watched him go "That boy must have just set a new record."



* * *



Somewhere near Whitehall in London, there stood what appeared to be a normal red telephone box. People for miles around new that the thing didn't work and so paid it no mind. Inside that telephone box there was a small, ragged looking rat, lying curled up in one of the corners hoping to avoid detection.

That rat was Peter Pettigrew in his animagus form.

After several days, his Master had finally come around from whatever ailment it was that had temporarily affected him. After sufficiently punishing the healers and several Death Eaters, including Pettigrew, for failing to find a cure so that he could have healed sooner, the Dark Lord had turned his mind to other things.

In the lead up to the events of that fateful Halloween night of 1981, various different things had occurred which had led Lord Voldemort to the doorstep of the Potter family home. One of them was the report of a prophecy, delivered to him by one of the newer recruits. The prophecy had not been completely heard by the Death Eater, but it had been enough to force Voldemort's hand.

Now, once again resurrected, Lord Voldemort desired to know exactly what it was that the prophecy contained that the eavesdropping Death Eater had missed.

And that was why Peter Pettigrew was currently hiding in his animagus form in a red telephone box, for that telephone box was, of course, the visitor's entrance to the Ministry of Magic building, and was Pettigrew's best chance of getting inside unnoticed.

In the form of a rat, Pettigrew was unable to check his watch. However he was reasonably sure that the main workforce would have begun arriving around an hour ago. All he had to do was wait for someone to come along and use the visitor's entrance, thus allowing him access to the building whilst remaining undetected.

Well, that was the plan, anyway.

Suddenly he heard footsteps coming nearer. Then the door to the telephone box opened.

Pettigrew was in luck!

The man who entered the phone box had a short conversation with the machine, and then the box began to sink down into the bowels of the Ministry.

He was in!



* * *



"This could be very damaging to the school, Harry," said Dumbledore as he leaned over his desk to study Harry. A copy of today's Daily Prophet was sitting on top of the desk.

"I disagree," replied Harry, calmly "Every word that I said is true, from the issues with the staff to the bullying students to the safety concerns regarding the school as a whole. Nothing that I said in that interview was misconstrued in any way."

"Nevertheless," said Dumbledore "this school has an image to maintain, and I will not have a student, any student, besmirching that image in the media."

"Perhaps it's time that that this school maintained its image by actually living up to it for once," Harry retorted "Perhaps it's time that the people running this place looked at their problems and tackled them head on rather than burying it all under the nearest rug and then pretending that everything is all hunky-dory!"

"Harry, you are young," said Dumbledore "I do not expect you to understand…"

"You're right," said Harry "I don't understand. So perhaps you could try explaining it to me. Perhaps you could try explaining why it is more important to maintain a façade rather than deal with the school's problems. Perhaps you could try explaining why it is more important to keep irresponsible, incompetent and/or vindictive staff in the castle than it is to ensure that your students receive their education in a pleasant, safe and nurturing environment."

"Harry…" Dumbledore tried to speak in a placating tone.

"Didn't think so." said Harry, getting up out of the chair he had been sitting in "Let me say this now, Headmaster, just so that we are absolutely clear on the matter. You may long ago have stopped caring about the health and wellbeing, both mental and physical, of those who come to this castle in order to receive an education, but I do care. I will do all that I can to help them, and to protect them from ineptness and your total disregard for them, and if I had to make a deal with the Ministry of Magic, and give interviews for The Daily Prophet in order to achieve that, then so be it. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a lesson to be getting to."

And with that he left the office, leaving a deflated Dumbledore sitting behind his desk.

"Is it true, Minerva?" he asked of Professor McGonagall "Have I really allowed things to fall so far as all that?"

"There certainly are one or two areas where both you and the school and a whole could do with improving upon," McGonagall replied "but I don't think that things are quite as bleak as Mr Potter paints them."

Dumbledore gave a tired sigh and commented "I suppose you are right, Minerva. I just hope that all of this doesn't come back to cause us problems later."



* * *



A/N: So, what do you think? Harry has finally made arrangements to go on a date with a girl! For any of you who feel like ranting that the pairing listed for this story if Harry/Susan, I will once again point out that said pairing is not yet set in stone and may be subject to change depending on how things work out.

Next chapter should contain the first day's classes, and then after that the plot should begin moving forwards properly again (yes, I am aware that the events of this chapter, the previous four and the next one will have consisted only of two days' worth of events, but sometimes that's how it goes!





*Chapter 16*: Class is in Session


			So there was a good response to the last chapter, hopefully this one will be the same. I had to do a lot of research for this this one on the Harry Potter Wikia. Reasons for this should become apparent when quickly enough. Seriously, if you are a writer of Harry Potter fanfiction and you do not have the Harry Potter Wikia in your list of favourite sites, then get on with it!

Anyway, enjoy Chapter 16!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 16: Class is in Session

Dumbledore's demanding of a meeting with him meant that Harry arrived in the corridor outside the History of Magic classroom just in time to see the last of his classmates entering the room. He hurried forwards and caught the door just before it snapped shut and slid inside.

It appeared that they were sharing this class with the Hufflepuffs. Susan and Hannah waved at him from their table to the right. Harry waved back and then scanned the room for a vacant seat. Professor Umbridge was sitting at her desk, sorting through a pile of parchment.

It quickly became apparent to Harry that there was only one vacant seat available. It was the seat that he had occupied for this class in every year previous, the one on Hermione's left. Ron was seated with Neville on the next table over.

Harry gave a weary sigh and made his way over. With Ron on his left and Hermione on his right, this may just prove to be a trying double period.

Hermione looked up in surprise when he dumped him book bag onto the table next to her and looked like she wanted to say something as he pulled out the chair, but she refrained from opening her mouth.

Ron, however, showed no such restraint. The moment Harry was seated, the red-haired boy said, with a wide grin on his face "That was awesome at breakfast Harry. First tell off Snape, then you got to punish Malfoy and humiliate him in front of everyone in the middle of the Great Hall!"

Without looking at him, Harry replied "I was just doing my job, Ron. Malfoy and his friends behaved in such a way that warranted their being punished, and I did so. At no point did I intend to humiliate them in front of the entire school, however Professor Snape forced the issue. He also acted out of line, and I merely called him on it."

"I still recon it was wicked," said Ron, who clearly still thought that he and Harry were friends. Apparently things like that took their time to sink in through the prat's thick skull.

Harry was pulling out his textbook for the class out of his bag when he became aware that Hermione was watching him. He turned to look at her and she turned away, her feeling of awkwardness clearly showing on her face.

Harry decided to just simply ignore the pair of them as he fished out some parchment from his bag.

"Hem, hem."

Silence filled the classroom as every student broke off their respective conversations in order to direct their full attention to the source of this strange noise.

Professor Umbridge was now standing up behind her desk, apparently ready to begin their class.

"Well, good morning class!" she said in that patronisingly girlish voice she had used the previous evening during her speech.

A few of the class mumbled "good morning" in reply, with Harry's response being the clearest.

"Oh, tut, tut," said Professor Umbridge "That won't do at all now, will it? I would like you, please, to reply "Good morning, Professor Umbridge". Now, one more time, please. Good morning class!"

"Good morning Professor Umbridge!" the parroted back in unison.

"There," she said in her most simpering voice "that wasn't too difficult now, was it?"

Harry winced. She was patronising them again.

"Now then," she continued "for our first lesson together, it has been decided that we shall start things off with a little pop quiz, so to speak."

An ominous feeling of dread spread through most of the students in the classroom as Professor Umbridge gave a flick of her wand at the parchment on her desk. The pile of parchment rose up into the air, divided out into groups of three in mid-air and then landed, three pieces of parchment in front of each student.

"Now this is nothing to worry about," insisted Professor Umbridge "This is just so that I, as your new teacher in this subject, can get a true feeling as to where each of you stand in your understanding of the subject matter at hand."

To Harry this made sense, but he, like so many others in this class, could only remember one other instance in which a new Professor had given them a quiz during their first lesson with them. Professor Lockhart's quiz questions had had nothing to do with the subject that he was teaching. Hopefully the case would be different here.

"Books away and quills out!" said Professor Umbridge "There is to be no talking during the test, and anyone seen copying will lose ten house points. Each of the three pages before you has ten questions, and you have forty five minutes in which to answer as many of the thirty questions as you can. The answers expected are short ones, so there will be no need to write out small essays. You may begin, now."

As one the class took up their quills and began reading the first question.

When did the war with the dark wizard known as You-Know-Who officially begin?

Harry pondered on that for a few moments. He knew that Voldemort had been defeated on 31st October 1981 (which he should know, as he was involved) and he also knew that the war had lasted approximately eleven years.

Next to him he could here Hermione's quill scratching away.

This subject had never actually come up in a History of Magic lesson before now, but Harry was certain that he had read it somewhere before. He remembered that it coincided with another date, something that was to do with America.

Then it hit him and his scribbled down his answer; 4th July, 1970.

He looked to the next question.

When did the war with You-Know-Who officially end?

'Easy' thought Harry as he scribbled down the date; 31st October, 1981.

When did the Wizarding community of Great Britain officially enter into the war with Gellert Grindelwald?

That brought Harry up short. He knew that the war with Grindelwald ended when Dumbledore defeated the man in a duel in 1945, but Harry wasn't sure whether or not forces from the British Ministry had been fighting in the conflict before then. He had a feeling that they had been, but he couldn't be certain.

Deciding to come back to that one later, Harry read the next question.

When did the war against Grindelwald end?

Harry noted down the year, 1945, but of the exact date he was not certain.

Who was the first female Minister for Magic of Great Britain?

Again Harry knew this one, but it was down to a chocolate frog card, not a History of Magic lesson that he knew it to be Artemisia Lufkin.

In what year war St Mungo's Hospital founded?

Harry didn't have a clue. Nor did he know the answer for question seven (which Minister for Magic approved the implementation of the Hogwarts Express?)

Question eight proved easier.

8) In what year did the International Statute of Secrecy first come into effect?

Harry had just written his answer (1692) when Professor Umbridge's voice rang out through the silence "Mr Weasley that will be ten points from Gryffindor! And if I catch you trying to look at Mr Longbottom's answers again you will be serving a detention."

Like the rest of the class, Harry turned his head to look at Ron, who had gone rather pink around the ears. Next to him, Neville was shifting himself and his work closer to the edge of the table.

"Try using your bag, Mr Longbottom," said Professor Umbridge.

Neville nodded and picked his book bag up off the floor. He then set it down on the table between himself and Ron, making it harder to the red-headed boy to try and sneak a glace.

"There," said Professor Umbridge "Carry on, class!"

Harry turned back to the questions.

9) When was Gringotts Wizarding Bank put into full control of the Goblin Nation?

Harry knew that the year was 1865, but he had no idea as to anything more specific than that. The same went for question ten. He knew that the British Ministry was founded in 1625, but he could not be more specific than that.

Question eleven was about how in 1750, Clause 73 was added to the International Statute of Secrecy. The question asked what the clause related to, but Harry had no idea so he moved on to question twelve.

12) What practice was banned by the Ministry in 1965?

Harry knew the answer to this one, but only because the school Gamekeeper, Hagrid, had broken that very law last year by crossing a manticore with a fire crab to create his infamous blast-ended Skrewts.

Experimental breeding of magical creatures. Harry wrote.

Question thirteen proved to be another that he had no clue how to answer. Harry had never heard of Pierre Bonaccord, or his desire to grant rights to trolls. Therefore he had no idea which country did not want to join the International Confederation of Wizards when he was made the organisation's first Supreme Mugwump.

14) Before its revival in 1994, when was the Tri-Wizard Tournament last held?

After being forced to compete in the stupid tournament the previous year, Harry had made sure to read up on past tournaments and could, with certainty, note down that the last one had been in 1792.

Question fifteen was on a topic that sounded familiar to him. He remembered about the common Welsh green dragon attacking a group of sunbathers, and he remembered how the witch Tilly Toke and her family had driven the creature off before anyone could be seriously hurt, but the question asked where the incident had occurred and for the life of him Harry could not remember where it had happened, though he had a feeling that it might have been somewhere in the west country. Perhaps near where Ron and his family lived…

He moved on to question sixteen, which he was able to answer. In 1935, the witch Jocunda Sykes had made history by being the first person ever to fly from one side of the Atlantic Ocean to the other on a broomstick.

He left question seventeen unanswered, having no idea just who built the famous Leaky Cauldron pub in 1500. Nor could he answer question eighteen. Despite being a keen Quidditch player, who had read the book Quidditch through the ages several times, he had no idea when the ban on players using their wands on members of the opposite team had first come into effect.

He had never heard of Almerick Sawbridge or what he was famous for doing, and so left question nineteen unanswered as well. Nor could he answer question twenty, which asked when the Werewolf Code of Conduct was passed by the Ministry.

However, he was able to answer question twenty-one, which was about a Goblin Rebellion, one of Professor Binns's preferred topics to drone on about. Harry was certain that, during the Goblin Rebellion of 1612, it had been The Three Broomsticks Inn which had served at the wizard's headquarters in Hogsmeade village.

He was also able to answer question twenty two. The Quidditch tournament that had been established in 1652 was the European Cup.

Question twenty three, however, was a different matter. He had no idea how the Great Fire of London had actually been caused. He, like everyone else thought it had begun in a bakery, but the question clearly said that it didn't occur there, the muggles just thought it did.

Similarly Harry had no idea when the Ministry had first labelled the torture, killing and imperius curses as being unforgivable. He had heard of Gideon Flatworthy and his group of anti-muggle extremists, but he had no idea what they had called themselves. Nor, for that matter, could he say he knew what dangerous Scottish sport was outlawed in 1762. Therefore he left questions twenty four, twenty five and twenty six unanswered.

After pondering it for a bit he also left question twenty seven (who, in 1811, laid out the current definition of a "being"?) unanswered.

For question twenty eight (what mode of wizarding transport was first put into operation in 1865?) he took a wild stab in the dark and put down The Knight Bus.

Question twenty nine turned out to be a doddle. The Ministry passed the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery in 1875. He knew that because that law had screwed with him on several occasions in the past.

The final question, like question twenty eight, was also filled in as a wild stab in the dark. Harry had never heard anything of the so called "Squib Rights Marches" and so had no idea which decade they had occurred in. Hoping that perhaps the squibs had been somewhat influenced by what was going on in the muggle world at the time, Harry wrote down "the 1960's" and hoped for the best.

He looked through his questions and found that he had only answered exactly half of the questions, and of the answers he had given there were more than a few that he was unsure were correct.

After thinking hard on it, Harry finally got the answer to the question about the dragon, the sunbathers and Tilly Toke. Given that the event was known as the "Ilfracombe Incident" it followed that the incident had taken place in Ilfracombe, which was in the county of Devon, which was where Ron lived, like he had thought.

He glanced up at the front desk where Professor Umbridge had set up an hourglass. He appeared to have fifteen minutes or so remaining.

To his right, Hermione's quill had stopped its scratching movements over the parchment before her, though whether this was because she had finished or was stuck was anyone's guess.

There were no sounds of quill movements coming from Harry's left either, though it was most likely that this was because Ron was stuck.

Harry looked back to the question about the Leaky Cauldron. Who had built it? He felt like he ought to know this. He was relatively certain that it was a woman who had built the pub, but her name escaped him. He had a feeling that her first name might have been a flower, but he couldn't… It hit him! Daisy. That was her name!

He wrote it down. Daisy. But Daisy what? Harry pondered it, and for some reason that her name might have something to do with the way you would describe an old person in an un-complimenting way. Senile maybe… no. Crackpot… probably not. Doddering… yes, that sounded right.

Daisy Doddering. It seemed to fit, but not quite. After a few moments of thought he changed it to Daisy Dodderidge. That sounded more fitting.

He went through several of the questions again, and came upon the one about Gideon Flatworthy and his group of anti-muggle extremists. What was their name?

For some reason, the summoning charm came to mind. He had a feeling that the incantation for that spell (accio) was important here, but he could not think why. In his mind he said the incantation over and over again, but each time added a different letter of the alphabet on the end, hoping that sounding it out like that would help. Accioa, acciob, accio and so on until accion which sounded right and a moment later he had his answer.

Gideon Flatworthy and his group of anti-muggle extremists had called themselves the Accionites.

Proud of himself, he jotted down the answer.

After that he read through all of the unanswered questions again and thought really hard, but he was unable to come up with any more answers. He did, however, change his last answer from the 1960's to the 1970's, purely because he was so unsure. But then he changed his answer back, reasoning that Squib Rights Marches, and squibs subsequently getting better rights during the latter half of the 1960's would have driven more pure-bloods to Voldemort's side when the war began in 1970.

Finally Professor Umbridge called out "Put your quills down please, and swap your papers with the person sitting next to you for marking."

Harry dropped his quill back into the ink pot and then handed his question papers to Hermione who, in turn, passed hers to him.

He was quite surprised to see several unanswered questions.

"Very well," said Professor Umbridge "If we are all ready, we will go through the paper together. Question 1, when did the war with the dark wizard known as You-Know-Who officially begin, anyone?"

Deciding that he might as well commit to the class, Harry raised his hand as Hermione did the same.

"Yes Mr Potter?" asked Professor Umbridge.

"The 4th July, 1970."

"Very good." said Professor Umbridge.

As most moved to mark their neighbour's answer, Seamus Finnigan raised his hand, prompting Umbridge to call on him.

"Dean got 1970, but not the 4th July bit." explained Seamus.

"Then he gets half a point," replied Professor Umbridge "Moving on…"

And so it went on until "And finally, in what decade did the Squib Rights Marches take place?"

Hermione was called on and she replied "The 1960's."

"Excellent," said Professor Umbridge "Now would you all please total up the scores of the papers you are marking and then hand them back?"

Harry totalled up Hermione's marks and scribbled down on the first page the number 21.5. Except for one instance when she only got half a mark, all of her other answers had been completely correct. The remaining eight points lost related to eight questions that she had been unable to answer. Perhaps unsurprisingly, two of the questions that had been unanswered were the ones relating to Quidditch.

He handed the test back to her, and Hermione returned his to him. He looked at his score and saw that he had gotten a measly 15.5. He had thought that he had done better than that, but looking over his parchment there were at least three examples of him only getting half the answer.

Well, at least his guesses about the Knight Bus and the Squib Rights Marches had been correct.

"Now then," said Professor Umbridge, who was now sitting down at her desk with a large piece of parchment in front of her "when I call your name, please call out your score so that I can make a note of it. Abbott, Hannah?"

Hannah's cheeks were slightly pink with embarrassment when she called out "Eighteen."

"Well she did better than me!" thought Harry.

"Bones, Susan?"

"Nineteen." Susan called.

"Brown, Lavender?"

"Ten." the Gryffindor girl called out meekly.

It turned out that Lavender had very little to be ashamed of. At least she had gotten up to double figures. Many who came after her could not say the same. Hermione was the only person to score in the twenties, and Harry's score actually placed him in the top five, with Neville, somewhat surprisingly, beating him by half a mark with a well-rounded sixteen.

Ron's ears were bright red when he was called upon last. His mumbled "six" was barely audible. That placed him at the bottom of the class, and even then it was debatable how many of those answers were his own and how many were copied from Neville before he was caught.

"Very well," said Professor Umbridge as she rolled up the sheet of parchment containing their scores "please pass your question papers to the front, and I will use them to plan out what areas we need to focus on as the year goes by. I should warn you that we will be having a test again somewhere in the near future so that we can see how much progress you are making."

Most of the class groaned at this news, but Harry noticed Hermione sit up a little straighter after hearing that she was going to get the opportunity to beat her score.

Harry actually thought that this was a good way to learn. Back in primary school, the maths teacher had used this method every Friday afternoon to make sure that they were all learning. Harry had found that to be a much better way to learn his times tables than when they all sat there droning out "One two is two, two twos are four, three twos are six…" and so on.

Also that there might be a test at any time (Umbridge had not stated exactly when it would happen) could only mean that they would spend more time studying the course material.

Shortly thereafter, the lesson ended.

"Class dismissed," said Professor Umbridge brightly "Mr Potter, could you stay behind please?"

Wondering what she could possible want now, Harry swung his the strap of his book bag onto his shoulder and made his way to the front of the classroom as everyone else headed towards the door at the back of the room.

"It seems you were wise to bring this to the attention of the Ministry," said Professor Umbridge after the last student had left. She shook her head ruefully "No one of your classmates got question twenty three correct."

"Which one was that again?" asked Harry.

"The one about how the Great Fire of London started," replied Umbridge "The muggles all thought that it began in a bakery, but some fool of a wizard living in the next house over was keeping a young common Welsh green dragon in his basement illegally. He managed to apparate out of course and the dragon was able to fly away, but it was seen by most of the population of the city. Had the International Statute of Secrecy been in effect then, it would have been one of the biggest breaches of it ever."

"You're going to have to report this, aren't you?" asked Harry.

"I must, yes," replied Umbridge "Be sure to have your report about the incident on the train completed by tomorrow evening. I can send it to the Ministry with mine."

"Of course," replied Harry before asking "Was there anything else?"

"Be sure to keep an eye on that Gryffindor Prefect. The Weasley boy. Something tells me he will be the first to lose his prefects badge."

"I've been thinking the same thing," said Harry, honestly.



* * *



A few moments later, Harry left the classroom and began to make his way towards the library. As he walked he cursed his luck. When he had arranged to meet with Padma after dinner, he had quite forgotten about having to write a report about Malfoy and Parkinson's behaviour on the train for submittal to the Ministry. As he did not want to miss out on his date later, Harry resigned himself to skipping his morning break in order to write the report in the library.

It was a simple enough task to complete as it was essentially just filling in a form, much like a prefect had to when reporting a transgression of a student. The problem was that it was just so time consuming.

Once inside the library he found himself an empty table in a secluded corner and dumped his book bag down on top of it before pulling out a seat to sit in.

From his bag he pulled out four of the forms, one for Malfoy, one for Parkinson, one for Crabbe and one for Goyle. In the spaces indicated, he filled out what their names were, which house they were in, which year they were in, what their transgressions were and what punishment he had given them. There was also a small box that he had to tick on Malfoy and Parkinson's forms, indicating that they were prefects.

He finished filling out the last form just as the bell signalling the end of break rang out. Harry pulled out his wand and used a copying charm, as taught to him by Madam Bones, in order to make several copies of each form. One copy was for Professor Umbridge to keep, one was for the school records, one was for the Wizarding Examinations Authority at the Ministry and the last one Harry decided he ought to keep for himself, just in case.

He then slid all of those forms back into his book bag and left the library.

Somehow he didn't think that missing the beginning of potions would go down to well.

/\/\/\/\/\

Harry arrived in the corridor outside the dungeon classroom to find that, while he was certainly not the first to arrive, he also was not the last this time.

Once again it seemed like the people who had organised the class schedule for the year had decided to stick with the old method of lumping the Gryffindors with the Slytherins for this class.

Never a good combination.

So far the only Slytherins present were Blaise Zabini, Daphne Greengrass and Tracey Davis. Blaise was talking to the two girls, but the conversations appeared to be one sided.

"…so Malfoy was all red in the face, yeah? And he did his usual "wait until my father hears about this" bit…"

Harry fought back the smirk that had threatened to break out onto his face upon hearing that. Although he insisted to everyone who commented on it that he had only been doing his job in punishing Malfoy, Harry had felt a good amount of satisfaction in finally being able to knock Malfoy down a peg in a way that did not involve Quidditch. Honestly, who wouldn't feel that way after having to put up with Malfoy's crap being directed at them for four years?

Blaise broke off when he and the other two noticed Harry's arrival.

Since that he was going to have to make nice with the Slytherins that evening at dinner, Harry figured that he might as well try and make some headway now, so offered up a simple "Hello."

Blaise turned away from him. Daphne kept her eyes on him, but her expression remained completely indifferent. Only Tracey actually acknowledged him, offering a small smile in return.

Any further attempts by Harry to break the ice with the Slytherins were halted by the arrival of Malfoy and his gang, Pansy Parkinson, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Millicent Bulstrode and Theodore Nott. Apparently Malfoy had been saying something really funny if their collective laughter was anything to go by.

That all quickly stopped, though, once they saw Harry standing there.

Ron and Hermione were the next to arrive, followed shortly after by Neville, Dean and Seamus. Then came Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. The remaining stragglers arrived mere moments before the dungeon door opened and the hook-nosed Professor Snape ordered them all inside.

Astonishingly, Snape failed to direct even one derogatory remark towards Harry for the entire lesson. For that matter, the normally rather vindictive man seemed to barely even acknowledge Harry's existence.

And it wasn't just Harry either. While not his worst ever mishap in potions, Neville's soothing solution producing copious amounts of purple smoke would normally have resulting in the potions Professor directing a verbal diatribe at the boy before vanishing his work, giving him a zero score and deducting twenty points from Gryffindor. Today, Snape merely vanished the smoke, bit out an angry "Cut the soy beans, Longbottom, don't crush them" and then swept away in a billow of black robes to correct Goyle's attempt.

From the table behind him, Harry heard Seamus whisper to Dean "What's with him?"

"Dunno," replied Dean "Maybe he's learned his lesson after Harry told him off at breakfast."

"Or maybe Dumbledore had words with him," offered the voice of Parvati "told him to keep his head down."

Harry thought on both of those possibilities as he diced up the kidney of a willow warbler. Is this was Snape's natural response to his and Harry's confrontation in the Great Hall earlier, then Harry had greatly underestimated them man's capabilities of self-restraint.

If, however, this new attitude was on Dumbledore's orders, Harry was certain that it was taking every ounce of will-power the man had to keep it going, and it was unlikely that it would be long before the cracks in the façade became obvious.

Sure enough, Snape let himself down at the end of the lesson.

"By now your soothing solutions should all now be a pale blue in colour. Please place a sample in a glass phial, label it with your name and bring it to the front to be marked."

All things considered, Harry thought that his soothing solution had turned out pretty well. The colour was slightly off, but he felt that it at least deserved a passing grade. It seemed to him that he was actually quite good at potions when Snape wasn't breathing down his neck and making his usual snide comments.

He momentarily forgot, however, that such a grade was only likely to be given to him by a fair teacher. And a fair teacher was something that Severus Snape was most certainly was not.

Harry gently poured some of the potion into one of his phials, stoppered the top and wrote his name on the label. Then he took it up to the front and placed it onto Snape's desk alongside several others. When he turned to head back to his table, he heard a smash and turned back to Snape's desk.

The man was wearing a superior sneer on his face, and the phial that Harry had placed on his desk was lying in smashed pieces on the floor of the classroom.

"Oh dear," said Snape "I do believe that will have to be a zero for today's lesson, Potter."

This wasn't the first time that Snape had pulled this stunt on him, only this time Harry wasn't going to put up with it. He pulled out his wand and cast a repairing charm on the smashed remains of the phial, which rose into the air and joined back together like some kind of 3D jigsaw puzzle. Harry took the mended phial back to his desk, poured some more of the potion into it, stoppered it and returned it to Snape's desk.

Every other student in that classroom was standing completely still, most hardly daring to breathe as Harry and Snape stared each other down. Several of them wondered if the long anticipated day in which one of the two finally snapped and killed the other was now upon them.

A minute of silence passed before Harry finally turned once again back towards the table where he had been working.

And once again there was a smash and his phial mysteriously fell from Snape's desk and crashed to the stone floor of the dungeon classroom.

All eyes were not on Harry, who bit down hard on his bottom lip to prevent himself from saying anything. He took out his wand and repaired the smashed phial once again before returning to his cauldron and filling the phial with the contents of the cauldron once more. He stoppered it and placed it down onto his desk. Then he took another three glass phials from his set of potions instruments and filled all three before stoppering each one and labelling them.

Next he vanished the remaining potion from the cauldron before, with a few flicks of his wand, he packed all his remaining equipment away. Then he picked up all four stoppered phials and, rather than place them all down on Snape's desk like they were all expecting him to, he walked towards the door of the classroom.

"Potter!" Snape shouted after him "Potions brewed by students are not allowed to be taken beyond the walls of this classroom!"

Harry ignored him. Cradling all four phials in one arm, he wrenched the door open with the other and marched out of the classroom and into the corridor beyond.

As he made his way up one of the staircases the bell rang to signal the end of the lesson and the start of their lunch hour. He quickly found himself in the corridor that led to the History of Magic classroom and he pushed his way by a group of third year students in order to get to the classroom.

Professor Umbridge was just coming out of her classroom when she spotted him.

"Potter, what in Merlin's name is the matter?" she asked.

Harry told her what had happened down in the dungeon classroom, and she wasn't happy at what she heard.

"How dare he try and sabotage the Ministry like this?" she demanded rhetorically.

"Uh, the Ministry?" asked Harry in confusion.

"Isn't it obvious? Potter, you were appointed to your new position by the Ministry. By sabotaging your classwork and failing you as a result, Professor Snape attempting to discredit not only you but the Ministry. He is attempting to make it appear as though we selected the wrong person for the job and therefore compromise our mission here."

Harry doubted that Snape's goal had anything to do with the Ministry and was just a simple manifestation of the man's usual malicious attitude towards him, but if spinning the story this way could be used to get rid of Snape sooner, then who was Harry to argue? The greasy haired git was already on their "to observe closely" list, and it was long past time that the students of Hogwarts were allowed to learn potions in a productive and encouraging environment, free from disparaging comments and hatred.

"At this moment we are, unfortunately, powerless to have him removed from the castle," Umbridge continued "We can, however, document this incident and use it to advantage at a later date. I trust that you will be lodging a formal complaint?"

"I will," answered Harry "but I doubt that Dumbledore will pay it any mind."

"Which is why you will make multiple copies of your complaint," said Umbridge "Keep one copy for yourself and make one for my own records, then we'll send one to the Board of Governors, one to the Wizarding Examinations Authority at the Ministry and then one for Dumbledore to ignore, as you say."

Harry nodded his head thoughtfully before asking "But what about the potion? Is there any way for its quality to be examined? I think it would help my case if I could say with honesty that my work was any good.

Umbridge appeared to think for a moment, and then said "Leave two of the phials here with me, and I'll arrange for Madam Marchbanks to look them over as soon as possible. Take the other two to Madam Pomfrey and asked her what she thinks of them. She should have a decent level of potions knowledge to make a fair judgement."

"Okay, thanks." replied Harry, handing over two of the phials "Oh, and before I forget, I managed to write out the reports on the misbehaving Slytherins."

He set down the last two potion phials and swung his bag off of his shoulder to fish out the completed forms.

He pulled out all twelve forms and began counting them out "So these four are for you, these four are for the Wizarding Examinations Authority, these four are for the school, and these four, well I thought I'd keep a copy of each report for myself."

"A very astute move, Mr Potter," said Umbridge "It always pays to keep a copy for yourself as you never know when you might need it. I would recommend doing the same for any homework you are given, especially if it is for potions."

"Right," Harry agreed, making sure to store that piece of advice in his mind "Thanks for the tip. Now, I had really better get down to the Great Hall. I'm supposed to eat lunch at the Ravenclaw table. Gotta be seen to be mixing. It's the best way to learn what's going on."

"Oh, I quite agree," replied Umbridge "I'll make sure that these get to the appropriate persons." she added, referencing the forms.

Harry stored the last two potions phials safely away in his box of potions equipment, which had its own compartment in his school bag. Then he left the classroom and headed down to the Great Hall. How much lunch he could eat, and how much talking he could do with the Ravenclaws would depend entirely on how quickly Snape could have Dumbledore charging to his defence.



* * *



Down in the Great Hall, Harry quickly noted that Snape was absent, as were Dumbledore and McGonagall.

A good number of the students' eyes turned towards him as he headed over to the Ravenclaw table. Conversations came to a halt as he passed, and Harry was fairly certain that he knew what topic they were all discussing.

Padma beckoned him over and he gratefully sat himself down in the empty seat located between her and small girl with dirty-blonde hair who appeared to be a fourth year.

"Afternoon, all" Harry offered in greeting as he sat down. He was correct of course, as it was nearly a quarter to one.

"And here he is," said Terry Boot from the opposite side of the table, a wide grin on his face.

"The man of the hour," added Michael Corner, who was sitting next to him.

"Man of the century more like," corrected Anthony Goldstein.

"What?" asked Harry, bemusedly.

"Don't give us that, Potter," said Michael "You know exactly what we mean."

"Yeah," agreed Terry "You faced down the overgrown bat of Slytherin House not once but twice!"

"And in the same day!" added Anthony "If that doesn't make you the man of the century, I don't know what does."

"There was no face-off between me and Snape," replied Harry as he spooned a helping of mashed potatoes onto his plate "Well, not since the one at breakfast, anyway."

"So what happened?" asked Padma anxiously "Because everyone's saying that the two of you had a massive fight in your potions class earlier."

"There was no fight," said Harry "Snape was just being a complete jackass and refused to mark my work, so I walked out of the lesson."

"Doesn't that send the wrong message though?" asked Lisa Turpin from her seat on Padma's other side "I mean you are the Student Advisor, surely walking out of the classroom sets a bad example."

Harry shook his head and replied "Actually I think that I set a very good example. Snape was being extremely unreasonable in his actions, so rather than stand there arguing until I was blue in the face and gaining myself a month's worth of detentions, I simply walked away from the situation. Snape was the one acting out of line, and I took the best course of action available to me by walking out of there before things could get worse."

"Well, when you put it like that…" said Lisa, trailing off thoughtfully.

"Are you going to lodge a complaint against him?" asked Padma.

"Yup," replied Harry as he used a piece of bread to mop up some of the gravy on his plate.

Terry snorted and said "Good luck with that. Snape's had loads of complaints made against him but nothing ever happens."

"Which is why copies of my complaint are going to be heading to the Board of Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority," replied Harry "Just because Dumbledore won't hear a bad word said about Snape doesn't mean that others aren't prepared to listen."

"I'll keep that in mind," said Anthony.

"He picks on you lot as well?" asked Harry.

"Not quite so much as he does the Gryffindors," replied Lisa "But yeah, he does."

"Though mostly our complaints are about his overall teaching style," said Michael.

"Or lack thereof," said the small blonde-haired girl.

Harry looked at her, and saw that she had wide, slightly protuberant eyes, and was wearing what appeared to be radishes for earrings, and a necklace of corks from butter beer bottles.

"Harry, this is Luna Lovegood," said Padma, politely making the introduction "Luna this is, well, I suppose you already know…"

"Hello, Luna," said Harry politely, holding out his hand.

She didn't shake it. In fact, it was doubtful that she even noticed it as she was staring so intently at his face.

"It's good to see that the wrackspurts have left you Harry. Your head was full of them last year during the tournament."

"Erm… thanks?" said Harry, not really sure how to take that.

Anthony had to look down at his plate to keep from laughing, and Terry bit down on his lip. Michael however showed no such restraint and snorted loudly.

Padma kicked him hard under the table.

"Snape does leave a lot to be desired," said Harry in a desperate attempt to return the conversation to its former topic.

However, that was before remembering another reason why he had wanted to sit with the Ravenclaws this lunchtime "By the way Padma, I've come up with a little plan for us this evening."

"Oh yeah," said Lisa with a grin "I forgot that Hogwarts' hottest new couple were having their first date toni- Ouch!"

Harry had the distinct impression that Lisa too had just gotten a good kicking under the table, once again courtesy of Padma.

The Ravenclaw Prefect glared at her wincing dorm mate before turning her attention back to Harry and asking with a pleasant smile "So what have you got planned for me?"

"That is a surprise," replied Harry mysteriously "Though fair warning, don't eat too much at dinner."

"Gotcha," replied Padma, before…

"Potter!"

Harry winced a little at the sound of Professor McGonagall's voice calling out loudly to him from across the Great Hall.

"Damn," he growled before getting to his feet and making his way over to the Deputy Headmistress.

"You know," said Padma "I've suddenly got a sinking feeling that my date tonight is going to be cancelled due to that greasy git."

Lisa patted her on the back sympathetically.



* * *



Harry followed along behind Professor McGonagall as the Transfiguration teacher led him up towards the Headmaster's office. He, like Padma, had a sinking feeling that their date tonight was going to be cancelled for them by outside forces, namely a greasy, bat-like git with a hooked nose and a twinkly-eyed, interfering old codger with a long white beard.

He wasn't paying too much attention to his surroundings, and so had nearly passed by the doors to the Hospital Wing before remembering that he needed to go in there.

"I've just got to pop in here for a minute," Harry announced to Professor McGonagall, who had not noticed that he had stopped walking.

She wheeled around and demanded "The Hospital Wing? Whatever for?"

"It'll just take a minute," Harry reiterated "I just need to see Madam Pomfrey about something."

"Surely whatever it is can wait until after the Headmaster-"

Harry ignored her and pushed open the doors of the Hospital Wing.

All of the beds were empty, and he found Madam Pomfrey sitting at her desk going over some paperwork, a steaming bowl of oxtail soup and a half eaten bread roll sitting off to one side.

Harry knocked on the door to her office and she turned around to face him.

"Ah, Mr Potter. I was wondering how long it would be before you paid me your first visit of the year."

Harry smiled at that. He did normally spend quite a bit of the school year in Madam Pomfrey's care.

"Unfortunately I am not here to seek medical attention just yet," he replied "I just need your opinion on something."

"Yes?" she asked, sounding suspicious.

Harry swung his bag off his shoulder and began fishing out his potions kit "It's about a potion, Madam Pomfrey. You know a bit about them, I trust?"

"Medical ones mostly," the matron replied.

"This is a soothing solution," said Harry.

She nodded and beckoned for him to place the two phials on her desk.

McGonagall tried to interrupt "Mr Potter, we really must get up to the Headmaster's office. This can wait until later."

"If the reason for my being dragged to the Headmaster's office is the one I am thinking of, then this needs to be done now." replied Harry without turning to look at her "Madam Pomfrey, in your professional opinion, is this soothing solution any good?"

Madam Pomfrey picked up one of the phials and held it up to examine it.

"Colour's a little off, but nothing too major."

She un-stoppered the phial and held it up to her nose to give it a sniff.

"The smell appears to be fine."

She reached for one of the drawers in her desk and pulled it out. From within she took what appeared to be the wizarding equivalent of a petri-dish, which she set onto her desk before pouring a few small drops of Harry's potion into it.

She picked up the petri-dish and swirled it around a bit before stopping to study the contents within.

"The viscosity is a little too runny, but all in all it appears to be fine."

"Really?" asked Harry.

"Yes. It's not a perfect example of the potion in question, but it is more than passable. If fed to a patient it will do the job required of it."

"Great," said Harry before asking "Listen, could you do me a favour and write that down for me?"

"I can, but why not ask Professor Snape?" asked the matron.

"It was Professor Snape who refused to give me a mark for it," replied Harry "Other than a resounding zero, of course."

Madam Pomfrey appeared to be surprised at what she had just heard. For a moment Harry wondered if she doubted his comments about Snape, but his worried were quickly proven unfounded when she asked "You brewed this?"

"Yeah, why?" asked Harry in puzzlement.

She stoppered the phial she had opened and handed it to him before replying "I oversee a small club on a Thursday evening for all of those who wish to practice brewing potions for healing purposes. It's normally for those with a real affinity for potions, but with a few lessons you should fit right in."

"Thank you," replied Harry "Hannah Abbott mentioned that club this morning at breakfast. I'll look into coming along."

"See that you do," said Madam Pomfrey "It's nice to see that some of your mother's talents were passed on to you. Until now I thought you had only inherited your father's flying skills and penchant for getting into mischief."

"Thank you," said Harry once again, feeling something bubbling up inside of him.

His mum had been good in the art of brewing potions. Sarah had mentioned that before now, but somehow hearing it from a medical professional like Madam Pomfrey allowed it to be fully confirmed in his mind. He didn't doubt Sarah, but there was always the chance that she was exaggerating a little about her old friends. But now it was confirmed.

And he, Harry, appeared to have inherited that talent.

Madam Pomfrey handed him a piece of parchment, on which she had written down her professional assessment of this potion and, after thanking her for her time, Harry followed Professor McGonagall out of the Hospital Wing.

As they made their way towards Dumbledore's office, Harry felt as though he was in some kind of bubble of joy.

His mum had been good at potions, and he had inherited that from her!

Of course, this realisation quickly led to the question of why had this talent not manifested itself in any way, shape or form before now?

He recalled his first trip to Diagon Alley. He remembered being particularly fascinated by the apothecary where the majority of the potions ingredients required for school were supplied, and when he had returned to his relatives' home in Privet Drive he had spent a good deal of his time learning what the basic tools for potion brewing were and how they were used.

He had so looked forwards to making bubbling and boiling concoctions of many kinds, to brewing up antidotes and preparing solutions that were designed to make people feel better.

What had happened to that feeling? What had happened to make him not only dislike potions, but also suppress his capabilities in the subject?

As he and Professor McGonagall entered Dumbledore's office, the answer to those questions appeared, looming over him like a greasy, over-grown bat with a superior sneer on his face.

The bubble of joy popped, and Harry steeled himself to once again face down the Headmaster, his lapdog and his pet potions master.

'Another meeting with the Headmaster,' he thought, somewhat bitterly 'Well, this really must now be some kind of record. The first day of classes isn't even over yet…'



* * *



A/N: Sorry for the cliff hanger there, but look on the bright side! Not only is this the longest chapter of this story so far, but it is also the longest chapter of any story I have ever posted ever! So I hope you enjoyed it.

I hope you liked the History of Magic test. Just about all of the answers to the questions can be found on the Harry Potter Wikia, though any question for with the answer was more than just the year is made up. For example, while it is true that the first war against Voldemort began in 1970, the bit about it being on the 4th of July was made up. I could give you the answers to all of those questions, but then I'd be robbing my Ravenclaw-minded readers of the opportunity to find out for themselves, as I am sure they will.

On a side note I will say that in researching the questions, I found out that one of the oldest questions about the series as been answered by Pottermore. We've all puzzled over the location of the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets, but there is now an official answer to it. I won't bother with telling you here, but head over to the Harry Potter Wikia and do a search on Corvinus Gaunt. His bio page has all the answers!





*Chapter 17*: Dinner and a Date


			Okay, so there was a mixed response to the test shown in the last chapter. A fair few people enjoyed it, and a good number of others thought that I should have shown one or two questions and left it at that. However to those of you who didn't like seeing it, I can only ask that you go back and read it again and think carefully on what is being asked. Is it all stuff that would or should be taught solely in History of Magic? And if not, what reason could Umbridge possibly have for putting them into that test? Anyway, on with the next chapter!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor.

Chapter 17: Dinner and a Date

"Harry, have a seat please," said Professor Dumbledore, gesturing to one of the empty seats located on the opposite side of his desk.

He really did not wish to sit down; in fact he did wish to be here at all, but he sat anyway.

"I assume that you know why you are here?" asked Dumbledore.

Harry was well aware that this question was meant to be rhetorical, but answered anyway "No, I don't."

Of course, he knew perfectly well why he was here, but knew that his answer would throw Dumbledore for a moment.

Dumbledore stared at him for a moment before trying to mask his surprise by asking "You don't know why you are here?"

"Nope." he replied "Professor McGonagall summoned me and ordered me to follow her up here but gave no reason."

Dumbledore fixed him with a look and asked "And you can think of no reason as to why you might have been asked here?"

"Other than the possibility of you wanting to once again go over the specifics of our previous two meetings, then no, I cannot think of a reason."

"So you have no recollection of walking out of Professor Snape's potions lesson earlier?" asked Dumbledore.

"Oh, that!" said Harry in a tone that suggested that only Dumbledore's mentioning of his had brought it to the forefront of his mind "That was a simple situation that is being blown out of proportion."

"Arrogant brat!" snapped Snape "You're just like your father, never able to admit when he was in the wrong-"

At this point Harry stopped listening and tilted his head backwards and closed his eyes, his lips moving slightly as he spoke silently.

"What are you doing, Mr Potter?" asked Professor McGonagall.

Harry opened his eyes to look at her and answered "I am counting backwards from twenty in order to help keep myself calm. It's a well-established method, as is walking away from a situation that irritates you."

He turned back to Dumbledore and said "As I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted, the situation in the potions classroom has been blown out of proportion. Near the end of the lesson, we were asked to place a sample of our work into a phial and hand it in. I did so, and Snape here decided to knock my work to the floor so as to-"

"Don't lie Potter!" snarled Snape, interrupting him once again.

Harry glared hatefully at the man before closing his eyes and tilting his head back once again. Snape made to say something else, but Dumbledore held up a hand to stop him.

Harry successfully counted down from twenty and then took a deep breath in order to speak again "Snape knocked my potion to the floor. When I collected another sample he smashed-"

"Headmaster, surely you don't believe this nonsense!" ranted Snape.

At this Harry stood and reached into his bag and took out his potions supply kit. From within he took the two phials of soothing solutions that he had made and set them onto Dumbledore's desk.

"This one was tested by Madam Pomfrey" he said, regarding the one of the left "the other has not been touched since coming out of my cauldron."

He reached into his robes and pulled out the piece of parchment that Madam Pomfrey had given him and used his wand to make a copy before tucking the original away again "This is a written review of my potion from Madam Pomfrey. Two other phials are being sent by Professor Umbridge to the offices of the Wizarding Examinations Authority at the Ministry, accompanied by a letter of explanation. This meeting is now over."

And with that he slung his bag over his shoulder and marched towards the doors of the office.

"Harry, please return to your seat," Dumbledore called after him and Snape shouted "Get back here Potter!"

Harry ignored the both of them and wrenched the office door open.

"I believe he just executed his second method of not losing your temper," observed Professor McGonagall.

Dumbledore heaved a great sigh and asked "Minerva, if you would?"

The transfiguration professor nodded and left the office in pursuit of Harry.

Once she was gone, Dumbledore turned in his seat in order to face the potions master "Is any of what Harry said true, Severus?"

Snape's nostrils flared in anger, but he said nothing.

"I have already warned you, Severus," said Dumbledore "in our current position you would do well to not antagonise young Harry so much. You must learn to keep your hatred for his father in check."

Again Snape said nothing. Instead he turned in a swish of his black robes and performed the same move that Harry had now used twice against him – walking away from the situation.



* * *



"Mr Potter!" McGonagall called out as she finally caught sight of him, in a corridor two flights of stairs away from the Headmaster's office.

He came to a halt and spun around to face her.

She caught up to him and was just about to ask him to return to Dumbledore's office when he cut her off with a question of his own.

"Are students attending Hogwarts allowed to hire their own personal tutors if they feel that the school's Professors are not good enough?"

The question gave McGonagall pause for a moment. It was certainly a common practice for students to have their own tutors back when she had been a student, though usually these had been for extra lessons in a subject, or for a subject not taught at Hogwarts. There were, of course, a handful of cases where the parents of a student requested their child be taught by a tutor rather than attend any of the lessons put on by Hogwarts staff, but those cases were few.

However, in all of her years of teaching, not once had a student had their own tutor. If you wanted to learn potions you went to Snape, if you wanted to learn charms you went to Flitwick. In addition there were clubs, such as the one that Madam Pomfrey ran for those wanting to learn a few healing techniques, and there was the charms club, as well as the out-of-school lessons. But the idea of a student relying solely upon a tutor rather than make use of a Hogwarts Professor was all but unheard of.

'Not since Dumbledore became Headmaster…' she thought, but it was quickly quashed.

"There is no rule against it, but such a thing has not happened in years," she answered him.

"Well then, it is about to happen," said Harry "Snape has made it very clear throughout the last four years that he does not want to teach me anything, and I see no reason why my education should suffer because of his attitude problems. I will be contacting the Wizarding Examinations Authority to see if they can recommend anyone for the job and I will tell you now, if any student wishes to join me in my tutorial periods rather than endure Snape any further, then I, for one, will welcome their decision."

"Is it really necessary for you to keep in getting the W. E. A. involved in your issues here at the school?" asked McGonagall.

"If you have a complaint to make, then it pays to make it to someone who will listen," replied Harry "Countless voices have complained about Snape over the years, and Dumbledore has done nothing about him. Nor, for that matter, has the Board of Governors. The W. E. A. is the final option available and if Dumbledore doesn't like it, then it's just tough luck – he should have reigned in his potions master sooner."

Just then the man in question came around the corner at the end of the corridor. Without even looking at them he stormed past them and disappeared through the door at the opposite end.

The bell rang signalling the end of lunch and the start of afternoon lessons.

Harry turned back to McGonagall and said "You'll have to excuse me Professor. As much as I would like to stand here and deliberate with you further, I have a study period that I must be getting to."

And with that he turned and headed towards the door that Snape had just gone through. At the door he paused and turned back towards the transfiguration professor "Oh, and just so you are aware, unless it is an absolute emergency, any further attempts by the Headmaster to summon me to his office today will be ignored. I have more important things to be doing with my time."



* * *



McGonagall returned to Dumbledore's office and informed him of what Harry had told her.

The old man paled slightly and said "This cannot be allowed to happen. If Harry starts taking tuition with another teacher then everyone else will want to follow suit."

The portrait of Quentin Trimble spoke up at that point "Mr Potter is well within his rights to select for himself an alternate tutor for his potions studies, Dumbledore, and you know this."

"And if other students choose to follow his lead then it is nobody's fault other than yours and Snape's." added Vindictus Viridian.

"Professor Snape," Dumbledore corrected them almost automatically.

The expressions on the faces of numerous past headmasters and headmistresses displayed exactly what they thought of that assertion.

"You'll just have to face it, Albus," said McGonagall "Harry wants nothing more to do with Severus and I, for one, can't say that I blame him. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a class of third years waiting."

In a swirl of tartan she turned and left the office.

"We warned you about ignoring all the complaints that are made about Snape, Dumbledore," said Dilys Derwent "I hope that you are prepared to reap what you have sown."

Dumbledore turned away from the portraits and took a lemon drop out of the bowl on his desk, all the while wondering how he was going to force Harry to continue studying potions under Snape's tutelage.



* * *



Harry arrived back at his private quarters and set his schoolbag down on the table. This was supposed to be the first of his study periods, set aside for the completion of homework and for going over the notes that he had taken in class to make sure that things made sense and that he learned them.

However, he currently had no homework, Umbridge's class had not featured any note-taking, and he had learned practically nothing in Snape's class.

He cursed himself for stupidly giving up his morning break in order to write out the reports regarding the incident on the Hogwarts Express. He should have left them so that he could have written them now.

In the end he decided to pull out his question paper from that morning's History test and go over it in an attempt to imprint the correct answers into his mind.

He was just going through question twelve when, quite suddenly, realisation struck him.

He did not have detention this evening!

In spite of his fears, neither Dumbledore nor Snape had managed to say anything about him serving a detention before he left the office, and McGonagall certainly had not informed him that he had one when she had caught up with him, so therefore he didn't have one.

That meant that his date with Padma was still on and he hadn't made any arrangements to get a picnic together.

"Tippy?" he called out into the room.

With a pop, Tippy the House Elf appeared before him.

"Sir is needing Tippy?" she asked in her high voice.

Harry grinned. It was nice dealing with a House Elf that didn't fan-worship him like Dobby did and who didn't have a drinking problem like Winky did.

"Hey, Tippy," he said by way of greeting "Has Madam Bones found out anything about the food sample I sent?"

"Mistress Bones was giving the sample to Mistress Abbott to examine sir," replied Tippy "I's be bringing you the answers as soon as they is knowing them."

"Right, thanks," said Harry "Um, Tippy, could you do me a favour?"

"A favour?" asked Tippy "Yes, Tippy can be doing a favour for yous, sir."

"Could you prepare a picnic basket? You know, with a few sandwiches, cakes and things?"

"Tippy can," replied the House Elf with an eager nod "Should Tippy be getting the foods from the manor or from the castle?"

"The castle," said Harry "I pay my fees, so why should the food come from elsewhere?"

"Ok, sir," said Tippy "When is you wanting the basket?"

"Tell you what, I'll call you when I'm ready, how's that?"

The House Elf nodded and disappeared with a pop.

Harry went back to his studies.



* * *



Harry went down to dinner with no small amount of trepidation that evening. Having sat with the Gryffindors for dinner the previous evening, the Hufflepuffs for breakfast that morning and the Ravenclaws for lunch, it was now time for him to sit with the Slytherins.

He was glad that he was going for a picnic afterwards as he most certainly would not be eating much food at the Slytherin table.

Hopefully he would be able to sit himself down with Daphne, Astoria and Tracey, as they were the least likely to try and murder him.

That afternoon's Defence Against the Dark Arts class had gone off without a hitch. Professor Tonks had barely acknowledged Harry's existence and took the class as though he wasn't there, which was surprising given how it had been her spying on Harry for Dumbledore that had gotten her fired from the Aurors. Not his fault, but such things rarely seemed to count to magicals.

As far as teaching went, Tonks had a fun personality and was good at engaging students in the lesson. She instinctively refrained from talking down to them, as some teachers were prone to doing. However, she was also clumsy and had a habit on knocking things over. She had broken three ink pots in that lesson alone, much to the amusement of Harry's classmates.

Harry came down the marble stairs and arrived in the Entrance Hall just as a group of Ravenclaw fifth years came in from their Care of Magical Creatures lesson.

Amongst them was Padma. She spotted him but could not reach him through the bustling crowd that was making its way to dinner. Harry gave her a thumbs up and she managed to send him a smile before the tide of students swept her into the Great Hall.

Harry followed the crowd and made his way into the hall. Once inside he looked longingly at the Gryffindor, Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw tables, silently wishing that he could be sitting with them, but he steeled him resolve. He had to sit with the Slytherins. This was his role now, and he had to be approachable to all.

The hall was now nearly full, so most of the school was there to watch as Harry made his way over to the snake put. The murmur of many conversations went quiet as every eye turned to watch him.

Harry was well aware of this as he approached the table in question. He spotted Daphne and Astoria and made a beeline for them.

"Good evening Daphne," he greeted with false cheer "Astoria. Mind if I sit here?"

The two sisters exchanged a look before shifting apart, making a space between them.

As Harry sat down between them, a red faced Draco Malfoy stood up from his spot further down the table and yelled "What do you think you're doing, Scar-head?"

"I think that I'm about to have dinner," replied Harry "And as part of my new role, I have to eat dinner at this table."

He reached for a bread roll before adding "Oh, and I think that I'll be taking five house points from you Draco, for that little bit of name calling. Really, a prefect should set a better example than that."

This of course did nothing to warm the opinions of most of the other Slytherins towards him, but Harry found that he did not particularly care. There was something oddly satisfying about slapping Draco down in the middle of all his house mates.

Malfoy's face turned a more vivid red as he shouted "Shut up Potter, and go sit with the rest of the Gryffindorks."

"And that'll be another five house points," said Harry "Keep this up Draco and I'll be awarding you another strike, your second out of three in the first two days of term."

Malfoy sat down.

"Not very bright, is he?" asked Harry.

"I've always maintained that he only ended up in the house of the cunning by default of being completely unsuited to any of the other three." said Daphne.

Harry nodded at that. Draco was neither hard working nor loyal to any other than himself, which eliminated him from Hufflepuff house. He did not appear to be particularly witty nor capable of learning from his mistakes, which eliminated him from Ravenclaw. He did not appear all that brave or all that interested in the differences between right and wrong (unless it was against him) and so that eliminated Gryffindor. And he was not particularly cunning, a desired trait for Slytherins, but he was ambitious, therefore he was a Slytherin.

He wondered how many other students had been simply sorted into their houses by default.

A shadow fell across Harry and he turned to face the overgrown bat that was blocking the light.

"Potter, return to your own house table and stop antagonising my students."

"If they become antagonised by someone who is merely doing their job then that is hardly my fault," replied Harry "As for my seating arrangements, I have already talking them through with the Deputy Headmistress and the Ministry of Magic. If you have a complaint I suggest that you talk with them."

"Twenty points from Gryffindor!" sneered Snape.

Harry snorted and replied "Good luck with that. I am no longer a Gryffindor."

"Well then, you'll just have to serve a detention instead," said Snape "Come to my office immediately after dinner."

"What for?" demanded Harry, but Snape just turned and walked away.

Harry scowled as he watched Snape go. Then he caught sight of Malfoy's triumphant face and had to fight the urge to take two hundred house points from Slytherin just because.

"What a jerk," said Astoria.

"Yeah, hard luck Harry," said Tracey from her seat opposite them.

"Hard luck for him," said Harry "I'm not going."

"You're not?" asked Daphne, sounding surprised.

"As much as he might like to think he can, Snape cannot punish me simply for doing what I am supposed to do."

"He's not gonna let that stop him, you know?" asked Tracey.

"I know," said Harry "But like I said, if he's got a problem with me sitting here then he will have to take it up with the Wizarding Examinations Authority and the Minister's office as it is they who appointed me to my position as Student Advisor, and all the duties that the title entails."

"If you don't mind my asking, why did you take the position in the first place?" asked Daphne.

"I have come to realise that the students in this place often require someone to help fight their corner," replied Harry "God knows most of the staff aren't up to it and most of the prefects are chosen out of favouritism rather than merit."

He looked pointedly towards Draco as he said this.

"True enough I suppose," said Daphne "I can honestly say that without your help Draco and his cronies would have gotten away with their actions on the train."

"My point exactly," said Harry "Certain people in this place have been getting away with bad behaviour for far too long. Just wait. By the end of the year, Hogwarts is going to be unrecognisable."

He paused for a moment before asking "Oh, by the way, can you recommend any of the boys in your year that would make a good prefect? Malfoy won't be holding the title for long and I'll need to name a replacement."

"Blaise Zabini is probably your best option," said Daphne "though I wouldn't exactly recommend him."

"Why?" asked Harry.

"He's smarter than the rest but like Malfoy in many other ways," replied Daphne, simply.

"Well, if I run out of options for the boys, then there will just have to be two girl prefects," said Harry.

"Would that work?" asked Tracey.

"It'll have to. Maybe having that as the end product will result in students in the lower years bucking their ideas up."



* * *



Dinner was soon nearing an end and, when Daphne, Tracey and Astoria stood up to leave, Harry went with them.

"Trying to avoid detection are we?" asked Tracey with a smirk.

"Yep," replied Harry "I've got a date with Padma and I'll be damned if I'm gonna let Snape ruin it."

"A date with Harry Potter?" said Tracey thoughtfully "So that's how you're rewarding prefects for good work."

"Very funny." muttered Harry.

"Won't you two dating cause a conflict of interest?" asked Daphne.

"Not in the least," replied Harry "I can be professional. Besides, does Padma seem like the kind of prefect I'd need to punish?"

"I suppose not," agreed Daphne.

"She might appreciate a good spanking from you though," added Tracey with a grin, causing Daphne to shriek "Tracey!" and slap her hands over her younger sister's ears as Harry nearly choked on his own tongue.

"Remind me to never get you and Hannah Abbott together," said Harry, looking around.

They were in the Entrance Hall now, and he spotted Padma standing over by the golden statue of the wizard who had been employed by the founders to convert an old muggle castle into a school.

"You'd better get going," hissed Daphne "The greasy one is on the move."

Harry nodded and went to make his way over to Padma, but paused and asked "Wait, you guys call him "the greasy one" too?"

"Of course," said Tracey "Now if you don't want to spend your evening in his lair get going!"

Harry hurried over to Padma and grabbed her by the arm before she could say anything.

"Come on, quick!" he whispered and pulled her through the front doors and out into the Entrance Courtyard.

From there Harry led her off to the side.

"Where are we going?" asked Padma.

"Snape's coming," was all that Harry said in reply, but it was enough to get Padma to keep up.

They took the narrow pathway which connected the Entrance Courtyard to the Quad and from there the headed across the wooden suspension bridge, which led them into the base of the Astronomy Tower.

"I think we've lost him," said Harry, finally coming to a stop.

"Looks that way," agreed Padma, who looked around before turning back to Harry and asking "So, why were we running from Snape? I saw him go over to you in the Great Hall."

"He tried to give me a detention for telling Malfoy off," replied Harry "and, though I know that it will disappoint him greatly, I'm not going."

"Oh. You know that avoiding him will just come back and bite you on the butt later on, don't you?"

"Probably. Now come on, I believe we planned to take a stroll around the lake."

He offered her his arm and, with a smile, she took it and together they headed off towards the lake.



* * *



"So, apart from Snape and Malfoy making arses of themselves, how did dinner with the Slytherins go?" asked Padma and they made their way down the dirt pathway which led to the lake.

"It was alright, I suppose. I got a few glares but after I slapped Malfoy down, everyone else pretty much ignored me. I just sat with Daphne, Tracey and Astoria like I planned and tried to get the whole experience over with as fast as possible."

Padma laughed lightly and commented "Well, you certainly caused a stir by sitting there. I've never seen Ron Weasley so red in the face. Except maybe at the Yule Ball when Hermione was dancing with Krum."

"Yeah, he didn't go too much on that," said Harry with a grin "Sorry you had to be stuck with him that evening."

"There's no need for you to apologise for him," said Padma "Though you may owe my sister an apology."

"Yeah, probably," replied Harry "Hey, is it weird that I am taking you on a date when I went to the Yule Ball with your twin sister?"

"It's only weird if we let it be," said Padma "I mean it's not as if you two did any more that have a dance together."

"True," said Harry "I guess I was a bit too busy staring longingly at Cho to pay much attention to your sister."

"Right, Cho…" said Padma, uncomfortably "What's the deal there?"

"Well, I'll admit to being quite heavily into her least year," answered Harry "But this year things have gone a bit odd. I mean, I was there when her boyfriend was killed, so that kind of puts her in a weird place for me."

"I heard that several people saw her fawning over you on the train," said Padma.

"Yeah, I don't really know what to make of that. I know that on some level I should be flattered, but to be honest it's kind of creepy. I mean, I guess I thought that if she ever did seek me out, it would be to ask questions about Cedric's death, not to fawn over me like some kind of… I don't know…"

"Boy-Who-Lived groupie?" suggested Padma.

"Yeah," agreed Harry "It's pretty unsettling to tell you the truth."

"I see where you're coming from," said Padma "I think that there might be something going on with her though. This morning one of the third years mentioned Cedric's name in the common room before we went down to breakfast, and everyone just sort of looked over to her wondering what her reaction would be. But there was nothing."

"Nothing?"

"Didn't even bat an eyelid."

"Well, that is odd. Are you sure she heard what was said?"

"I don't know, but she was definitely within hearing range."

Harry thought for a moment before shaking his head and commenting "I don't like this. I think she needs to be watched."

"I'll keep an eye on her," said Padma.

"Thanks," said Harry before pausing and looking around "Well, this seems like a good spot."

Padma looked around in confusion before asking "A good place for what?"

For an answer, Harry called for Tippy the House Elf, who immediately appeared in front of them, carrying a large, wicker picnic basket which she placed on the ground before them and then bowed low and disappeared with a pop.

"A picnic, Harry?" asked Padma, sounding surprised.

"Yeah," replied Harry "Why, don't you like them?"

"To be honest I've never had one," said Padma.

"That's funny, neither have I."

He winked at her as he pulled a picnic blanked patterned with alternating red and white squares out of the basket.

Padma shook her head fondly and helped him set up. In addition to the blanket, Tippy had included several brass candlesticks and candles, a few plates, bowls and cutlery.

Harry reached into the basket and pulled out a plate of triangularly cut sandwiches.

"Okay," he said "what kind of sandwich would you like? We've got beef and lettuce, egg mayonnaise, tuna mayonnaise, ham and cheese or turkey and mustard."

"Anything except the beef," replied Padma "I don't eat that."

Harry looked up to her, surprised and asked "Why not?"

"My religion, Harry. Hindus don't eat beef."

"I thought that it was the Jewish that didn't eat beef."

"No, it's the Hindus. The Jewish don't eat pork, though a lot of Hindus are completely vegetarian."

"Oh, well, how about that? You really do learn something every day," said Harry, as he handed her a tuna mayonnaise sandwich before adding "I hope you're not offended by my not knowing. My relatives weren't really the types to embrace other cultures, and I didn't learn all that much about them in primary school."

"It's fine Harry. Most people in this place don't know and don't care to know."

Harry nodded as he reached into the basket and pulled out two bottles of butter beer.

"Well," he said, uncorking one of the bottles and handing it to Padma "Here's to a nice picnic."

"And excellent company," added Padma. They tapped the tops of their bottles together then took a drink.

The sun was setting now, and the few wispy, slightly grey clouds in the sky seemed to take on a pinkish hue as Hogwarts castle was bathed in an orange glow.

"It really is a lovely place, isn't it?" asked Padma.

"It is," agreed Harry "We really are quite lucky when you think about it."

"Some of the interior leaves something to be desired though."

Harry smirked and said "I trust that it's not the creaking suits of armour that you are talking about."

"The finest magical institution in Europe is what we were told," said Padma "If that really is the case then I pity the rest."

"I got told something similar," said Harry "though I believe it was the world, not just Europe. And then there was something about it being far safer than even Gringotts."

Padma looked over at him and smiled reassuringly "It'll be okay Harry. They'll all know the truth soon enough."

Harry looked at her in surprise "But I changed my story."

"I know. But I'd have to be a fool not to see why. My father may not be allowed on the Wizengamot but he has a few friends there, including Madam Bones."

"Oh!" said Harry, suddenly understanding.

"Yes, oh. Don't worry, everyone in my family believes you, and so do others."

"Then why did no one stand up and help?"

Padma shook her head and said "If there's one thing that I have come to understand during my time at this place, it's to never underestimate the power of stupid people in large numbers."

Harry snorted "Boy, ain't that the truth. If I didn't know better, I'd swear that in addition to the Quidditch Cup and the House Cup there's a Biggest Moron Cup that most everyone vies for."

Padma chuckled and said "I think that awarding such a thing would be hard to judge."

Harry laughed too, and threw a piece of crust out onto the surface of the lake. A moment later a tentacle belonging to the giant squid surfaced, grabbed the crust and disappeared again.

"You ever wonder how a creature adapted to a deep sea environment survives in this lake?" asked Padma as she fished a plate of cauldron cakes out of the picnic basket.

"I have thought about it from time to time," said Harry with a grin "One rumour I heard was that it's actually Godric Gryffindor, still alive in his animagus form."

Padma laughed and asked "Where on Earth did you hear something like that?"

Harry shrugged "Some crazy person mentioned it. Surely it's not that unreasonable of an idea."

"If you had suggested any other wizard throughout history then yes, there might be a possibility of it, but come on, a person's animagus is related to who that person is. Godric Gryffindor would have been a lion of a griffin, not a giant squid."

"I suppose. Gryffindor house is usually associated with the element of fire, and the squid is clearly aquatic."

"And water is the element associated with Slytherin," said Padma "Dear Merlin, I hope that the squid isn't actually Salazar Slytherin."

"I'd better buy a harpoon, just in case." said Harry.

"Not every Slytherin is out to get you Harry."

"I know, but based on past experience, why take the chance?"

Padma just smiled and shook her head.

They remained like that for several hours, eating and drinking a little bit at a time and talking about everything and nothing. Padma managed to coax out of him what had gone bad between himself and Hermione, and listened as he talked about learning of his family over the last few weeks of the summer.

Harry learned that Padma's family was in the business of growing tea and importing it to the UK. Her uncle lived in India, overseeing production, and her father, living in England, was in charge of distribution. Padma's older brother, who had finished Hogwarts before she had started, was currently working for their father, and Padma planned to do the same, whereas Parvati wanted to do something else with her life.

When the sun disappeared behind the mountains, Harry lit the candles and they stayed there for another hour before deciding that it was time to head back inside.

As they neared the steps leading into the castle, Harry's mind became preoccupied with one thought – should he kiss her? He planned on walking her back to her common room, but was it right to end the night on a kiss? He honestly didn't know if he was supposed to or not, and was silently hoping that Padma would give him some kind of clue.

Sadly, it was not to be. Not because Padma refused, but because of outside forces. Harry had had such an enjoyable few hours, and was so worried about his problem on the walk back that he completely forgot why he and Padma had left the castle in such a hurry earlier.

They reached the top of the steps, pushed open the doors and immediately came to stop at the sound of a voice which asked in a scottish accent "Enjoying yourselves, are we?"

The pair looked ahead and found that their way was blocked by the usual trio of Albus Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall and Severus Snape.

One look at each of their faces told Harry all that he needed to know, and he heaved a heavy sigh before muttering "Oh, balls!"



* * *



A/N: Well, I hope you enjoyed that, because I have got to tell you, this chapter was a b***h to put together, as you can probably tell by how long it has been since the last update. Anyway, again, I hope you enjoyed it, and hopefully chapter 18 won't take so long!





*Chapter 18*: The Ministry Intervenes


			Okay, here we go with chapter 18! Hope you enjoy it.

NOTE: THIS IS MY SECOND ATTEMPT AT UPLOADING THIS CHAPTER. PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF IT WORKS!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 18: The Ministry Intervenes

Dolores Umbridge felt that her first day at Hogwarts had gone quite well. No one had acted too much out of line in her classes, and she already had a good amount of information to report to the Ministry.

From the tests that she had assigned each of her classes throughout the day, it was blindingly obvious that the standards for History of Magic class at Hogwarts were just as bad as the Ministry had feared. Added to that there was the evidence of the anti-ministerial actions being carried out by certain Hogwarts staff that Mr Potter had provided her. The behaviour of Severus Snape was proof that he was against the Ministry. That Dumbledore worked so hard to protect the man for so many years would be a big nail in the old man's coffin as well.

She was in her office, just making a final few notes on a piece of parchment before retreating to her quarters for nightcap and an early night when there was a knock at the door. Curious as to who could be calling at this hour, she pushed her chair back from the desk, got up and walked over to the door.

She was quite surprised to find a rather angry looking Harry Potter standing on the other side.

"Mr Potter? What brings you here at this hour?"

"Snape is attempting to punish me for doing my job." he replied without preamble.

She nodded in understanding and said "Well, you'd better come in then and tell me the whole story.

And he did.

"…and then," he went on several minutes later "we came back to the castle and Snape, Dumbledore and McGonagall were standing there blocking the path and Dumbledore informed me that I now have a month's worth of detentions with Snape. When I tried to explain what had happened, Dumbledore just told me that he trusts Snape and will not have students questioning his authority. Then he gave Padma a week's detention with Filch and took twenty points from Ravenclaw for assisting me in avoiding my detention."

"And what was Professor McGonagall doing during this?" asked Umbridge.

"Nothing. She just stood there and kept silent, like she normally does."

"Very well. You should have come and seen me about Snape's behaviour at dinner before you went off with Miss Patil, but either way his behaviour is still reprehensible. Rest assured that I will bring your complaints to the attention of the Ministry."

Harry shook his head "No," he said "no, that's not enough. Snape has been behaving like this for years and keeps on getting away with it. Dumbledore keeps on protecting him. I want to go to the Ministry and talk to someone in the W.E.A department."

Umbridge looked over to her clock that hung on the wall "Well, if we leave now then there should be a few staff from the Wizarding Examinations Authority still lingering about."

"You want to come with me?" asked Harry.

"As a Professor, I cannot simply allow you to leave the school premises unescorted," replied Umbridge "Come on, we'll use the fireplace in my office so as to avoid detection."



* * *



Breakfast the following morning found Harry once again sitting with the Gryffindor students. Most of them were giving him wary looks, probably due to the fact that he had sat with the Slytherins the previous evening.

Harry was pointedly ignoring Ron's scowling expression when someone took a seat next to him. He turned to look, and found that it was Parvati Patil, Padma's twin sister.

She had a pleasant smile on her face as she said "So, I hear you went on a date with my sister yesterday."

"I certainly did," replied Harry, not entirely sure where she would be going with this.

"Good," said Parvati "I was wondering when she's finally show an interest in boys. But know this," she added in an undertone "if you hurt her, I'll rip your bollocks off and wear them as a necklace, got it?"

There was a hint of playfulness in her eyes that told Harry that she would not go that far, but an edge to her voice that told him she would hurt him if he hurt Padma. This allowed him to comment "Well, you wouldn't be a very good sister if you didn't. But I have no intention of hurting your sister, and if I do, I'm sure she'll let me know."

Parvati kissed him on the cheek and was just turning to help herself to a piece of toast when the doors to the Great Hall opened.

The students fell silent as a group of people made their way into the Great Hall. There was Griselda Marchbanks, accompanied by three other members of the Wizarding Examinations Authority, Madam Bones of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement with two Law Enforcement Officers and an Auror, and eight of the twelve members of the Hogwarts Board of Governors, who appeared to be led by Neville's grandmother, Augusta Longbottom.

At the staff table, Dumbledore stood up and addressed the guests, trying to keep a tone of puzzlement out of his voice "Madam Bones, Madam Marchbanks, Madam Longbottom, to what do we owe this pleasure?"

"This isn't a social call, Dumbledore," said Augusta "We have each received several complaints about the conduct of several individuals at this castle and we're here to learn more before taking official action."

One of W.E.A members stepped forwards and said "Will the following pupils and staff please come with us for questioning," He pulled out a roll of parchment and unfurled it and read out a list of names "Minerva McGonagall, Filius Flitwick, Poppy Pomfrey, Astoria Greengrass, Daphne Greengrass, Tracey Davis, Pansy Parkinson, Millicent Bulstrode, Sophie Roper, Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Ryan Spinks, Theodore Nott, Blaise Zabini, Ronald Weasley, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, Neville Longbottom, Hermione Granger, Lavender Brown, Fay Dunbar, Georgina Smith, Kellah Mitchell, Parvati Patil and Padma Patil."

Around the hall, all those named were exchanging looks as they all got up out of their seats. Each of them was wondering what these people could want with them. Of the students, only Padma suspected that she knew what was going on, and was wondering how Harry had arranged this so quickly.

Dumbledore noted that Harry was the only Gryffindor (well, formerly) to not receive a summons, but he could not immediately put the rest together.

Snape stood up and said "No one will be questioning my Slytherins without their Head of House present.

"Sit down boy before I make you!" snapped Madam Marchbanks, and Snape dropped back into his seat, seething but cowed for now.

As the group began to file out of the Great Hall, Madam Marchbanks addresses those who remained behind "Madam Umbridge, can you come with us as well? I suggest that the rest of you get to your lessons. If any of you have Transfiguration, History or Charms, remain in the Hall and Mr Potter will supervise you in a study session. I trust that any prefects who remain will help him in this." She turned to two of the other W.E.A members and addressed them "Please remain here and assist Mr Potter should he require it. Professor Tofty and I will call you if we need you."

The young man and woman nodded and their two aged superiors followed the rest out of the hall.

Harry looked around and found that he had been left with the fifth year Hufflepuffs who, like him, had Charms, the third year Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs who had History and the second year Gryffindors and Slytherins who had Transfiguration.

Hannah approached him and snapped off a mock salute "Prefect Abbott reporting for duty Sir!"



* * *



Madam Marchbanks led them all the way up to the seventh floor corridor and gathered them in a group beside the portrait of Barnabas the Barmy. They all watched in confusion as they walked away from them and then turned and walked back towards them before turning away again, turning back, turning away and turning back one final time.

Much to their surprise, a door materialised in the wall, getting a smile from the elderly witch "Excellent, it's still here."

"What is?" asked Professor Flitwick.

"Why, the Room of Requirement, my dear Professor," Marchbanks replied as she opened the door "In you go."

The group filed in through the door and found themselves in a large room that none there had ever seen in Hogwarts before. To the Muggleborns amongst them, it looked rather like the departure lounge at an airport, with several long rows of seats situated back to back and little else besides. On the opposite side of the room there was another door.

As Madam Bones was telling the Auror and Law Enforcement Officers to guard the door that led out into the seventh floor corridor, Madam Marchbanks addressed the group "Each of you will take a seat and wait quietly. We will be on the other side of that door over there. When your name is called, you will come through and answer a few questions that we have for you. Understand?"

Everyone nodded and began to take seats. McGonagall felt a hand on her arm and turned to see that it was Madam Longbottom, who said "We'll start with you Minerva, if you please."

McGonagall nodded and followed the others into the next room.

Once the door to the next room was closed, Draco got up and made his way over to the door that led back out into the seventh floor corridor. He was just reaching for the handle of the door when the Auror was suddenly blocking his way and asking "Just where do you think you're going?"

"I'm leaving," said Draco "You can't keep me here without my father or my Head of House present."

"Actually, we can" said the Auror "Now sit down and be quiet."

The boy's face flushed with anger "Don't you know who I am? My father can have your job!"

The Auror smirked as he replied "I know exactly who you are, little boy, and I and almost certain that your father will try. But I am absolutely certain that he will not be pleased to know that his precious little scion attempted to defy the instructions of the Board of Governors, the Head of the W.E.A, the head of the D.M.L.E and three of her staff. Now sit down, be quiet and let the adults sort things out."

Fuming and humiliated, Draco turned away from the Auror and took the seat that he had previously vacated.

The Auror smirked. Apparently little Malfoy did not know that the Ministry had been putting some distance between himself and daddy Malfoy for the past few weeks.



* * *



McGonagall found herself sitting on one side of a large ornate desk with Madam Bones, Madam Marchbanks, Professor Tofty, Professor Umbridge and the majority of the Hogwarts governors sitting on the other side.

Deciding to get right down to it she asked "So what seems to be the problem?"

"Harry Potter had filed two complaints against staff at this school with the W.E.A." explained Madam Marchbanks "One of these complaints is against the Headmaster and the other is against the Head of Slytherin."

McGonagall sighed wearily. She should have seen this coming.

"Mr Potter has also filed a harassment complaint with my department against both men," added Madam Bones.

"Mr Potter claims to have been victimised by both men since returning to the castle two days ago," said Madam Longbottom "and claims that Snape has been doing so for a lot longer. We wanted to get your thoughts on the subject before taking serious action."

McGonagall put her face in her hands. This was going to be a long day.



* * *



Dumbledore was in a bind. He had intended to follow on behind the castle's guests in order to discover what was going on, but with the crowd of students exiting the hall to make their way to their classes he had lost track of them. Now he was roaming the castle looking for them.

He had finally put two and two together and had not liked what he had come up with. The majority of the students taken in for questioning had been in the same potions class as Mr Potter the previous day when he and Severus had their little disagreement. Of the others, Astoria Greengrass had been involved in the situation on the train, as had Padma Patil. Miss Patil had also been present the previous evening when Dumbledore had informed Harry that he would be serving detentions with Severus for the rest of the month.

Filius had been brought in over the issue on the train as well. Minerva had been involved in one way or another with most of the things that had happened regarding Harry over the past few days, and Poppy had been the member of staff who had looked over Harry's potion and had given it her approval.

To Dumbledore it was obvious that Harry had decided to complain about Severus's behaviour and had done so to anyone who would listen. Now Dumbledore needed to find them so that he could calm everyone down and smooth the situation over before they did something stupid like kick Severus out of the castle.

Such an end was unthinkable!



* * *



Harry looked around the Great Hall feeling a little out of his depth. He had been put in charge of more than sixty students, tasked with supervising them all during an impromptu study period.

The problem was, they weren't studying. Sure, most of them had their books out, but they were paying them little mind, choosing instead to talk loudly amongst themselves. Some were taking the opportunity to catch up with friends in other houses whom they had not had a chance to talk to since returning to the castle two days ago, while others were discussing why so many of their fellow students had been taken away for questioning by the Board of Governors and representatives from both the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Wizarding Examinations Authority.

Hannah came up to him and asked "Well?"

Harry shook his head and replied "There aren't enough of us to force them to sit quiet and read from their textbooks. Nor can we actively engage them in three different subjects."

"Well the, pick something to teach all of them," said Hannah.

Harry thought for a moment before nodding his head and calling out across the Hall "Alright guys, gather around! I want to show you something."

The students exchanged looks but got up out of their seats and gathered in front of Harry where he stood with Hannah and Ernie at the front of the hall.

"So, seeing as it will be very difficult for myself, Hannah and Ernie alone to ensure that you are all studying your individual subjects, or answer any questions you may all have, we're going to try teaching you something different. How many of you here know of the shield charm?"

A fair number of students raised their hands, including all of the fifth year Hufflepuffs.

"And who here knows how to cast a shield charm?"

Most of the hands that were in the air were lowered. Only Susan, Megan and Oliver Rivers from Harry's year kept their hands up.

"Alright," said Harry "In that case, today we will be learning the shield charm together. These three have just volunteered their services. Come on."

The three fifth year Hufflepuffs stepped forwards and lined up with Hannah and Ernie.

"I'm gonna get you for this," Susan whispered to him, and he grinned innocently at her before turning to the rest of the group.

"So, first thing's first, the shield charm, like any spell, has an incantation. In this case the incantation is "Protego." Try it now."

"Protego." the group echoed.

"Once more," said Harry.

"Protego," they echoed again.

"Very good," Harry complimented "Now for the wand movement. The textbooks like to insist that you need to draw an upwards line in the air with your wand for the best results. This is the spell in its most basic form and is how most learn it. Ernie, if you could demonstrate this for us now?"

Ernie took out his wand and moved upwards as though drawing a line in the air. "Protego!"

They saw a shimmer of light and what looked like a semi-transparent barrier flickered into existence in front of Ernie before fading away.

"Thank you Ernie," said Harry before turning to the watching students "As I said, that is the standard method of using the charm. However, magic is very much about intent and you will find that those with proficiency in the shield charm can cast it no matter which direction they move their wand, so long as it's a straight line. Susan, think fast!"

He pulled his wand out at cast a stinging hex at her. Susan gave a tiny yelp of surprise, but still managed to draw her wand and draw it diagonally across her body, getting a shield up just in time for Harry's spell to strike that rather than her. The semi-transparent surface of the barrier rippled on impact, much like the surface of a puddle when a drop of rain lands in it.

Harry fired twice more and Susan blocked both shots, each time drawing a line in the air at a different angle.

"As you can see," said Harry "being able to cast the spell by moving the wand in different directions is much more convenient that always drawing an upwards line right in front of you. Susan was able go from her starting move from her right hip to her left shoulder, right into a move from her left shoulder to her right and then from her right shoulder to her left hip, producing an effective shield each time. For now though, we will focus on learning the standard wand movement. Everyone take out your wands."

They did so.

"Now hold them out in front of you, pointing forwards and draw a line upwards. Keep repeating until I tell you to stop."

They each repeated the wand movement several times before Harry told them to stop.

"You all did fine," he said "Now I want you to include the incantation, but remember, it is not enough to just say the incantation and do the wand movement. You have to want the shield to appear as well."

After getting nods of understanding from each of them he let them cast. Each one draw an upwards line with their wands and cried out "Protego!" but nothing happened for any of them.

"Keep trying," said Harry "this spell is an important one to know in life but very difficult. There are a fair few adults out there who cannot perform this spell."

They tried again, and again. On that third attempt a couple of the fifth year Hufflepuffs, Justin Finch-Fletchley and Sally-Anne Perks, got a brief shield to appear. The spells collapsed instantly and would have blocked absolutely nothing, but it was progress. Also, seeing them get something to happen gave the others encouragement to keep going.

By the doors the two W.E.A. members who had been asked to remain behind were standing and watching the scene.

"What d'you reckon?" asked the woman.

"I reckon that if we can find a teacher to sponsor the club, Hogwarts DADA scores will go through the roof," replied the man.

A moment later there was a round of applause for Sally-Anne when she cast a perfect shield charm in front of her. The applause got louder when Harry fired a stinging hex at it and the shield held up.



* * *



Before long the bell rang and Harry had the group disperse, much to their disappointment.

"Come on," he said "your other classes await."

"Can we do this again some when?" asked a third year Ravenclaw by the name of Lindsay Parker.

"Yeah," agreed a Hufflepuff named Derek Townsend "You made this fun."

"Well, I don't know about that," said Harry, feeling embarrassed.

"Don't back out, Potter," said Hannah, good naturedly.

"Yeah, you're a good teacher," added Susan.

Harry smiled and said "I'll think about it, alright?"

This got a cheer from the younger students before everyone moved off to gather their things.

"Do you think that normal lessons have resumed?" asked Harry.

"I don't think so," said Ernie "They'd have come and told us, surely."

"Yeah, I suppose. Well, either way, I'd better stay here. Transfiguration is meant to be my next lesson, with the Slytherins."

"Well, have fun," said Hannah "We've got Potions."

"Rather you than me," said Harry.

"Oh that's nice!" exclaimed Susan "What kind of person wished for someone to be subjected to Snape?"

Harry rolled his eyes playfully "Alright, fine. I don't wish Snape on you. In fact, I wouldn't wish him on my worst enemy."

"That's because your worst enemy amongst the students in this school is Malfoy," said Hannah "and that man favours him, so wishing that Malfoy be subjected to Snape would be being kind to Malfoy, which you don't want."

"And all of my other worst enemies are people that Snape is subservient to," said Harry "so my wishing that they be subjected to him would be sending them a servant and therefore counter-productive to my well-being."

Susan went slightly cross eyed before giving a nod of her head "I think that sentence made sense, though the syntax might be wrong."

"Don't turn this into a "who" versus "whom" debate," said Harry "In the grand scheme of things, no one really cares that much."

"Except for those people who have nothing else to worry about," said Ernie.

"Quite."

The fifth year Hufflepuffs left the hall, leaving Harry in there alone. The silence was almost deafening.

Just as he was about to leave and look around for any sign that normal classes may have resumed, the doors to the Hall opened and several groups of students trudged in. There were the Gryffindors and Slytherins from the year above him who were supposed to be in Transfiguration, the Gryffindors and Ravenclaws from the year below who were meant to be in Charms, and the second year Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs, who were supposed to be in History.

The Slytherins were giving him dark looks as they took their seats at their house table, but Harry ignored them. He went to the sixth year Gryffindors and wrangled Katie Bell, Bianca Dunstan and Geoffrey Hooper giving him a hand.

As he walked with them back to the front of the hall he spotted Ginny looking at him. He hoped she wouldn't end up being a pain.

At the front of the hall he turned to address them. Amongst the many faces looking up at him, Harry noticed Luna Lovegood sitting at the Ravenclaw table, slightly apart from her classmates.

'Well,' he thought 'it worked once today…' He called out across the hall "Can I have your attention please? How here knows how to cast the shield charm?"



* * *



Filius Flitwick was sitting and thinking. He had been questioned and released from the questioning room and into a third. It appeared that nobody was to leave until all the questioning was completed, and those who had been questioned were not to mingle with those who were awaiting their turn.

He thought about what he had learned. Harry Potter had made official complaints with the Wizarding Examinations Authority, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Hogwarts Board of Governors regarding the behaviour of Severus Snape and Albus Dumbledore towards him.

Filius was asked what he thought of the matter and had replied honestly. He knew that Snape had a dislike for the boy but, as he rarely saw them interact, he did not know how bad things were between them. On the one hand he did not want to believe that Dumbledore would let Snape get away with such behaviour, far less encourage it and participate as well. But then, Harry Potter never seemed like the type of boy to go making complaints to the highest authority figures he could find without due course. He wasn't a Malfoy. He would have to be pushed hard before getting to that point.

He was aware, of course, that Snape was not the most loved Professor in the castle, far from it in fact, but now it appeared that most of the students not only disliked the man, but outright loathed him. Even amongst those of his own house there were students who hated him. He could see the Greengrass sisters and Tracey Davis talking together not too far away and earlier had heard the youngest, Astoria, express the wish that "Perhaps they'll finally get rid of the Greasy Git."

Flitwick had earlier heard Seamus Finnigan state to Dean Thomas and Neville Longbottom "Seems like someone is finally taking action against the berk."

To which Dean replied "I brought up my own complaints about him. Put a few more nails in his coffin."

"I thought gran was gonna leave the room and gut him when I told them how he treats me," said Neville.

Near to them were the Patil twins, and Flitwick heard his one of the two state "Well, he's had it coming for a long time. It's about time someone brought him to heel, if nothing more."

Filius had taken more than a few complaints from the students in his house about Snape over the years, but those never really went anywhere. He would inform Dumbledore, who would insist that things would straighten themselves out.

It was only now that Filius was realising just how little Dumbledore did to make Snape behave. He himself had become complacent on the matter, bringing it up at the end of meetings as though it were an afterthought.

He wasn't the only one. He looked over to where Minerva was sitting, looking deeply distressed. It appeared that she had received a similar wakeup call from this incident.

The door to the questioning room opened up and Hermione Granger, the last to be questioned stepped out, followed by Madam Marchbanks, who said "All students please return to your respective common rooms. Staff, please gather in the staff room for an important meeting."



* * *



Amelia Bones walked into the Great Hall and found a surprise. The lesson had changed again, meaning that the fifth year Hufflepuffs had returned to the hall, accompanied by the Ravenclaws, except Padma. The fourth year Ravenclaws were still there, but the Gryffindors had gone, replaced by the Slytherins. Also there were the sixth year Gryffindors still, but the Slytherins had been replaced by Hufflepuffs.

Amelia watched for a few moments, observing Harry as he and a few others, including her niece, moved through the group giving a few pointers.

"Try again, Cormac," said Harry "You're getting there. That's fantastic Luna, you've got this down. Have another go Lisa. Yes, that's it Anthony. Your turn Leanne…"

"He's been doing this all morning," said the male W.E.A officer "As soon as he realised that the first group weren't putting much effort into studying from their books he got them on their feet and practicing."

"The kid's a natural," added the woman "I'd wager he's already giving half the professors in this place a run for their money. Give him a couple of years and he'll outshine the lot of them."

"Seems a shame to break this up," Amelia commented "but Harry's needed for a staff meeting."

"I'm sure your niece and the others can keep things going in his absence," commented the male officer "We'll keep an eye on them."

Amelia nodded and walked forwards "Mr Potter? Your presence is required in the staff room."

Silence fell over the hall as the practicing students turned to look first at her and then at Harry, who nodded and followed her from the hall.

The group watched them go before Hannah broke the silence "Alright, let's keep it up people! Cormac, don't bend your wrist so much…"



* * *



Dumbledore was making his way along a corridor and was just about to turn a corner when a group consisting of all the fifth year Gryffindors came around it and nearly trampled him.

"Ah, excellent," he said as they stopped in their tracks "I have been looking everywhere for you-"

"Head down to the staff room, Dumbledore," said Professor Tofty, whom he had not immediately noticed standing at the back of the group "I am escorting these students back to their common room and then I will join you and the others there."

At Professor Tofty's prompting, the group began moving again. Dumbledore tried asking several of them what they had been asked about but they walked right by him. Even Miss Granger kept her eyes fixed firmly on the floor and acted as though she did not hear his question.

In the end Dumbledore was left with no choice but to head down to the staff room and see what he could learn there.



* * *



Harry was the last to arrive, with Madam Bones. When they entered the room they were talking together, and Dumbledore gleaned that their chosen subject was shield charms.

"So you can add "horribilis" to the end to get a better protection against a dark magic spell?" Harry was saying.

"That's correct, yes," replied Madam Bones.

"So what does adding "duo" do?"

"That works as a double layer," said Madam Bones "It can be used to better protect you against multiple spells at once."

"Interesting," said Harry thoughtfully.

"To the feeble mind maybe," said Snape, sounding bored "but the rest of us have better things to be getting on with so drop the chatter and tell us what you must so we can all get on with our lives."

Dumbledore cringed as Madam Marchbanks turned to the potions professor "I am so glad that you are so eager for this discussion to happen, Professor Snape, because believe it or not, you are a big part of the reason for us being here."

"Oh really?" drawled Snape "Do tell?"

Madam Marchbanks drew herself up and spoke "Yesterday evening, Professor Umbridge escorted Mr Potter to the Ministry so that he could file a complaint of staff misconduct with the Wizarding Examinations Authority against both Headmaster Dumbledore and Potions Master Snape. He also accused the both of you with impeding him in his duties as student advisor."

At this Snape exploded out of his seat, ready to deliver a verbal diatribe. Against whom they did not know, nor would they ever find out, for he soon deflated when the wands of both Madam Bones and her Auror were jabbed into his throat. He sat back down and Madam Marchbanks continued as though the interruption had not happened "Upon hearing his evidence I personally recommended that he also file a harassment complaint against both men with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and make his grievances known to the Board of Governors."

"Our purpose in coming here today was to question witnesses to several key events that have occurred since Mr Potter was appointed to the position of Student Advisor. We had hoped that the situation was not quite as bad as we were led to believe. Much to our disappointment, we found that things were a lot worse. Almost every other student had at least one complaint to make against you, Severus, your Slytherins included."

"Oh, come now," said Dumbledore "I can hardly believe that they all expressed such complaints."

"Those who did not were also those who refused to answer our questions," said Madam Bones "Draco Malfoy demanded that we bring in his father to sort things out. When we refused he sat there sulking like a spoilt child denied a cookie until we got fed up and kicked him out. We took his silence to mean that he was attempting to protect his Head of House from justice."

Dumbledore pulled off his glasses and rubbed his eyes wearily. Snape was still fuming, but remained quiet in light of the fact that two wands were still pointed at him.

'How have things gone so wrong since the end of last term?' the old man wondered.

Madam Longbottom picked up the thread of conversation "The list of complaints filed against Snape today go back several years, and by all rights we should be kicking him out of the castle today. However, a potions master is hard to find, so we will not do so."

Snape sat up a little, a superior smirk working its way back onto his face.

"However," continued Madam Longbottom "some action must be taken. First of all, we will be removing you from the position as Head of Slytherin House, as you are clearly incabable of performing such a role effectively. In addition, Professor Snape, you are now on probation. We will conduct a full review of your work nearer to the Christmas holidays. If we do not see an upturn in your behaviour by then you will be dismissed from this school and never be allowed back into the castle again. If before then we receive many more complaints against you, we will forego the review and dismiss you outright, whether we have someone lined up to replace you or not."

"As to the issue of the harassment complaints made by Mr Potter," said Madam Bones "we have found them to be just and will take necessary action. Headmaster, from now on you will only speak to Mr Potter about school-related issues, and your meetings with him will be restricted to one a week, unless it is an emergency or Mr Potter seeks you out first. Beyond that you will keep away from him. Failure to comply will result in further investigation and possibly criminal charges.

"Professor Snape, under no circumstances are you to approach Mr Potter, nor are you to speak to him. If you see him doing something that you feel he should not, you will report it to either the Deputy Headmistress or Professor Umbridge. He may, however, address you under the following circumstances – either when he requires you to deal with a situation involving troublesome students, when he is talking to you regarding a complaint made against you by a student, or when discussing the behaviour of a student from one of your classes with you. In short, he will speak to you only when his role as Student Advisor requires it, and I have advised that in any such situation another Professor should ideally be present so long as the situation allows it. Failure to comply will result in further investigation and likely imprisonment within the Ministry holding cells."

Silence reigned in the room for a few moments until Madam Marchbanks broke it "Are we all clear on this matter?"

Most nodded, but Dumbledore raised a concern "If Professor Snape is not to interact with Harry, how is he going to teach him potions?"

"That issue has already been raised and resolved," said Madam Longbottom "Previous to his complaints last night, Mr Potter was looking into the possibility of hiring a private tutor for his potions classes. Last night a recommendation was made and he accepted. The two Law Enforcement Officers who previously accompanied us here are waiting for her arrival at the front doors."

"Actually," said Madam Bones "They've just contacted me through our charmed badges. They should be here any moment."

Almost as if in answer to that comment, there was a knock on the staff room door.

Madam Marchbanks walked over to the door and opened it. The two Law Enforcement Officers entered the room as Madam Marchbanks warmly greeted whoever they had brought with them.

Dumbledore watched with no small amount of trepidation as Griselda turned back into the room. He was worried sick about whom they might have chosen to allow private access to Mr Potter.

"Everyone," said Madam Marchbanks "allow me to introduce Mr Potter's private potions instructor, and likely our first choice to replace Professor Snape should it become necessary, Auror Healer and Potions Instructor, Sarah Abbott."

As the blond haired woman entered the room and gave Harry a warm greeting, Dumbledore hit the roof.



* * *



Lord Voldemort sat on his throne in the most luxurious room in Malfoy Manor, thinking over what he had learned. Wormtail had returned from the Ministry at one in the morning, three hours later than he was supposed to. Initially Voldemort had been furious. Not only was the rat late, but he had also failed to gain access to the Department of Mysteries. He had made the fool pay for that.

However, the man was not completely without information in his return. Once he had gathered himself together, he managed to relay that he had seen Harry Potter arrive in the Ministry atrium. The lateness of the hour had made Wormtail curious as to the purpose of the visit and had followed on behind them to learn more. Of course, he didn't' hear everything. He had to pay constant attention to his surroundings and go from one hiding place to another to avoid getting caught, and he had wisely not dared to try and sneak around the Department of Magical Law Enforcement when things had moved there, especially with Madam Bones present.

He was, however, able to gleam that there was now a big rift between Potter and Dumbledore, bigger than rumour had made out if Wormtail's claims of Potter lodging complaints against the man in two different departments was to be believed.

It seemed that Potter was distancing himself ever further from the illustrious Dumbledore and looking more and more to the Ministry for support.

Voldemort needed to figure out how to use that to his advantage.

Wormtail had also brought more food for thought about their spy within the castle. As much as Voldemort enjoyed hearing about the successes that Snape and his students had in baiting Potter and his friends, that things were now moving towards the possibility of Potter getting Snape kicked out of the castle was troubling.

Voldemort made a mental note to make sure that he made it clear to Snape at their next meeting just how important his position within the castle was to their cause, and what would happen if he lost that position because he was unable to let go of a childhood grudge.

All things considered, Wormtail's information was a mixture of both good and bad. Dumbledore's faction was breaking apart at the seams, but with Potter moving towards the Ministry could be a disaster. Lucius's standing with the Minister already seemed to be on the decline.



* * *



A/N: There we go. I've gotta tell you, I really did not know where this chapter was going, and all attempts to write it seemed to fall flat. Then today I sat down to do a complete rewrite and this came out. I rather like it. Especially Harry teaching - that wasn't planned and came out of nowhere but damn it, it worked!

I know that some of you were waiting for another Harry vs Dumbledore/Snape/McGonagall to happen, but ultimately I felt that the chapter didn't need to show it.

In other news, (and I know I'm a bit late on this) JKR appears to have decided that there was more money to be made still out of the HP universe and has decided to turn "Magical Beasts and Were to Find Them" into a film. I don't quite know how she plans to do this, though robst suggested she might go the "Indiana Jones but with wands instead" route. Personally I'd like to see the human character of Newt Scamander removed so that the film can be something more along the lines of the various DisneyNature films and similar projects that have been coming out in recent years, such as March of the Penguins, Chimpanzee, African Cats and Deep Blue. If it must have a human in it, then I'd prefer it be a Television Documentary series in the style of David Attenborough or the late Steve Irwin. Maybe something like "Walking with Dinosaurs", perhaps. To me that would make more sense if it's a bloke going around making a book about the animals he encounters in the various places of the world.

But maybe that's just me…

UPDATE - 25/09/2013 - Made a mistake regarding Snape's punishment, have corrected it. Thanks to all those who pointed out that little oversight.





*Chapter 19*: The Complaint Boxes


			Well the response to the last chapter was largely good, though to a minor few all I can say is that if you are complaining in Chapter 18 that the characters of Dumbledore and Snape are not being shown in the best light, then all I can say is that you had better stop reading. I would ask why it took you until Chapter 18 to figure out that Dumbledore and Snape won't be saints in this story, but I'm fairly certain that you don't know the answer yourselves.

Anyway, aside from that annoying point, everyone else thanks so much for the reviews and thanks especially to everyone who pointed out my mistake of allowing Snape to keep the title of Head of Slytherin. This wasn't intentional as he was originally meant to lose the role. I don't know why the mistake happened, but it did and it has now been changed. Of course, this change led to another mistake as Snape is later referred to as being the head of Slytherin House. This too has been changed and, again, my thanks to those who pointed it out.

Anyway, sorry for the long Author's note, but that first bit is rapidly becoming a pet-peeve of mine on this site and felt the need to bring it up.

Now, on with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 19: The Complaint Boxes.

"This is absolutely unacceptable!" Professor Dumbledore raged "A Wizengamot ruling forbids this woman to make any kind of contact Harry Potter unless in her official capacity!"

"I am well aware of that, Dumbledore," retorted an equally angry Madam Bones "I was there when you abused your position as Chief Warlock to coerce the majority of the Wizengamot into passing that ruling."

"I will not stand for this!" retorted Dumbledore.

"Your complaint has no grounds, Albus," said Madam Marchbanks, who was remaining relatively calm "As you rightly pointed out, Healer Abbott was forbidden to contact Mr Potter unless it was in her official capacity. Her official capacity is not just as a Healer to the Auror Office. She is also a certified potions mistress and is licenced to teach both subjects. Something that, I hasten to point out, your man Severus is not."

Madam Longbottom took up the thread "Mr Potter asked the Wizarding Examinations Authority to locate for him a qualified potions instructor and they suggested Healer Abbott. Those who sit on the Board of Directors for Hogwarts have all approved of her and so long as Mr Potter doesn't have any objections then there is absolutely no problem at all with her performing this new role."

"I don't have any objections to Healer Abbott teaching me potions," said Harry, deciding to speak up for the first time since this meeting in the staff room had begun "and if both the Wizarding Examinations Authority and the Hogwarts Boards of Governors approve of her then I see no reason for me to have any objections. I also assume that the DMLE would recommend her?" he addressed the last bit to Madam Bones.

"I would whole-heartedly recommend her," said Madam Bones "She is an excellent potions brewer and has the skill and patience required to pass that knowledge on to others."

Dumbledore could see the nails being banged into the coffin of his argument but had to keep trying. He attempted to appeal to Harry.

"Harry, this woman was banned from contacting you by the Wizengamot. Surely this must make you see that she is not a suitable candidate to be your potions instructor."

"Her being banned from contacting me has already been brought up," said Harry "but strangely enough, no one has yet explained exactly why she was banned from contacting me. Could you perhaps offer that piece of information, Headmaster? I mean if she is a danger to me then obviously I would not want her as a potions instructor."

Dumbledore spotted the verbal trap and knew that he was cornered. There was no way to answer that without doing even more damage. If he said no then Harry had no reason to turn Healer Abbott away. If he said that she was a danger to him, Harry would first of all what to know the exact danger and, second, would want to know how to take similar action against Severus and a good few students.

He had been left floundering and everyone else in the room appeared happy to watch him struggle.

After a short wait, Harry turned away from Dumbledore and held out his hand to Sarah. Acting like this was their first meeting so as to not tip Dumbledore off about where he had spent the summer he said "Hi, I'm Harry Potter. It looks like I'm going to be your new student."

With a smile she played along by shaking his hand and saying "I'm Healer Sarah Abbott. It's nice to meet you Harry Potter, but there is no need to introduce yourself as I know exactly who you are."

"You do?" asked Harry "The scar, right?"

"Partly," she said "But I also recognised you from when I saw you as a baby. You look very much like your father."

"Were you friends with my dad?" he asked.

"Yes, but my best friend was your mother."

"Oh cool. I've never met one of my mother's friends before."

Everyone who could see Dumbledore's face saw that he looked like he had just swallowed a particularly sour lemon drop.

"So," said Sarah, brightly, "how about we head to the library and work out where and when we can do our potions classes."

"Sounds like a plan," said Harry and the pair left.

"Well, it looks like those two have hit it off rather well," said Madam Bones, who was thoroughly enjoying the anguish being caused to Dumbledore.

"Agreed," said Madam Marchbanks "I think that we shall be seeing a definite upturn in Mr Potter's potions grades over the next few weeks and months. You know, I have always felt that a key part of the learning process is that the student and the teacher should get along."

Having heard far too many barbs directed towards Severus, Dumbledore asked "Are we done here?"

"For now," replied Madam Longbottom "But remember Dumbledore, we will be watching. We expect to see a major improvement of the education standards within this castle within the next few months, understand?"

Dumbledore could only nod.



* * *



As breakfast earlier had been, lunch was also interrupted by the castle's guests. They entered the Great Hall and, without even giving a look to Dumbledore, Griselda Marchbanks stepped up to the Headmaster's Podium in order to address everyone in the Great Hall.

"Good afternoon to you all," she began "for those of you who do not know, I am Griselda Marchbanks and I am the Head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for the Ministry of Magic. I, and those within my department, am responsible for setting the questions that you have to answer during your O.W.L. and N.E.W.T examination, as well as invigilating those examinations and mark them. We also monitor the scores that you students receive for your school work in order to assess how well you are doing in school and to see if there are any obvious areas where we need to improve the quality of education."

Here she paused and looked at each house table before continuing "Now then, I am certain that there have been many rumours circulating as to why we have elected to come here today and I would like to take this opportunity to put those rumours to rest by informing you of the truth. Yesterday evening, Harry Potter arrived at the Ministry of Magic in order to file a formal complaint against certain members of staff at this school. We came here today in order to assess the validity of his complaints and after interviewing various students and staff we were able to confirm that Mr Potter's complaints were not only valid, but also long overdue.

"As such, we have taken the necessary disciplinary actions against those members of staff whom Mr Potter complained about. Those members of staff know who they are and we will continue to watch them in order to see if our message has gotten through to them. In the meantime, I wish to assure each and every one of you that if you have a complaint to make against a member of staff, you are free at any time to bring these concerns to our attention and we will take steps to first make sure that the complaint is valid and second to make sure that appropriate actions are taken.

"I understand that there is a fair bit of trepidation being felt amongst the student body as to the new position of Harry Potter within this school. At this point I would like to reiterate the purpose of his role. He is not here to be against you. He is not here to pick on you. He is here to help you. We in the W.E.A have selected Harry Potter to be your voice. We have allowed him the authority to reprimand a prefect acting out of line as well as to back them up if they need it. We have allowed him the authority to act as the voice of the students during staff meetings. And most importantly, he is here to back you up when you need it.

"If you have a complaint to make, whether it be to a member of staff or to us in the W.E.A but do not feel brave enough to do so, go to Mr Potter and he will either speak for you and submit a written complaint on your behalf, or he will go with you and stand by your side when you make your complaint.

"He is here to support you. Thank you."

She stepped down from the podium, only for Madam Longbottom to take her place.

The elderly witch cleared her throat and began "As of eleven forty-five this morning, potions master Professor Severus Snape has stepped down from his position as Head of Slytherin House-"

She didn't get any further for three out of the four house tables broke out into a roar of cheering celebrations. Surprisingly, although they were not making a complete spectacle of themselves, more than two thirds of Slytherin House were looking pleases at the news as well.

It seemed that the greasy potions master had gained little respect within his own house, even with how much he generally favoured them.

"That will do," Madam Longbottom called out after giving them a good two minutes to express themselves. They quietened down and she continued "Thank you. Now, as I was saying, Professor Snape is no longer the head of Slytherin House and hopefully by tomorrow morning we will have found someone to step into the role on an interim basis until a permanent appointment can be made."

Malfoy stood up at the Slytherin table and shouted out "You can't do this!"

"Actually, Mr Malfoy," replied Madam Longbottom, calmly "I think you'll find that we can."

Pink in the face Malfoy continued on "My father won't stand for this-"

"Your father was booted off of the Board of Governors over two years ago," replied Madam Longbottom "surely you cannot have forgotten?"

Malfoy stood there, shaking with barely supressed rage.

Professor McGonagall was more than prepared to add insult to injury however "Mr Malfoy, that will be twenty points from Slytherin for your blatant show of disrespect. Now sit down before I round it up to fifty."

When Malfoy showed no signs of moving to sit down, Pansy grabbed him by the wrist and forcefully pulled him down so that he re-took his seat. Several of those watching were interested to not that she did not appear to be all that impressed with his little display.

Madam Longbottom continued as though the interruption had not occurred "As to other news, you will soon notice a new teacher going about in this castle. She is Sarah Abbott, and yes that makes her the mother of Hufflepuff fifth year Hannah Abbott…"

At this many eyes in the hall turned towards Hannah and she grinned broadly at them and waved.

"Usually," continued Madam Longbottom "Madam Abbott works for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry as a healer, potions brewer and instructor. Following on from his complaint about Professor Snape, Harry Potter requested a private tutor for his potions classes and, after due consideration, Madam Abbott agreed to take the job, as it were. I am unsure as to how clear the school's stance on this matter has been made to you, so I will state here and now that there always has been and there always will be the facility for students to have a private tutor for any subject that they like, be it potions, transfiguration, charms, defence or any other.

"If any of you feel the desire to follow in Mr Potter's footsteps and hire a private tutor we ask that you first bring it up with your parents, as they are the ones paying for your education, and then with us.

"Nobody on the Board of Governors or from the Wizarding Examinations Authority will think less of you should you chose this path. Hogwarts is here for your education and if you feel that you might do better in a one-on-one situation with a teacher, or if you do not get along with your teacher then you should by all means look into hiring a private tutor.

At this Lisa Turpin from Ravenclaw raised her hand. Madam Longbottom nodded for her to speak so Lisa stood up and asked "Would it be possible for all of us to have Madam Abbott as a potions instructor?"

"That is a matter that you will have to bring up with Mr Potter and Madam Abbott," replied Madam Longbottom "As the first to employ her services, Mr Potter may decide to keep his lessons private or Madam Abbott may wish to teach only one student as she will be keeping her main job at the Ministry."

Lisa nodded in understanding and sat down again

"Any more questions?" asked Madam Longbottom. When no-one asked anything in reply she bid them good day and stepped down from the podium.

A murmur of noise began to build as the students began turning to each other in order to discuss these new developments.

Before the noise could grow too loud, however, the doors to the Great Hall opened and two people walked in, not really paying attention to their surroundings.

"…I know it's in the back of the textbook," Harry was saying "but we've never studied it in class…"

"You're telling me," Sarah Abbott replied "that all you do in potions class is brew the things? You've never had to study why certain ingredients act the way they do when they are mixed together?"

"Nope, never." said Harry.

Neither of them got to say anything more because suddenly Harry was being mobbed by three quarters of the school.

"Well done Harry!"

"It's about time Snape got demoted."

"Can I join your potions class Harry? Can I?"

"Yeah, can I join too?"

"And me?"

"Harry, can you help me file a complaint against a teacher?"

"Nice one Harry!"

"That was wicked Harry!"

"…I'd like to get a private tutor, but I don't think my parents would like it…"

"I went to a prefect with a problem but he couldn't be bothered to help…"

These and many more were thrown at Harry from all angles. Ron's grinning face broke through the crowd "Way to go getting Snape demoted, mate. That really showed those slimy snakes."

At that Harry raised his hands and called out "Okay, guys," he said loudly, and they all quieted in eagerness to hear what he had to say "I'll see what I can do about helping you to organise private tutors if you want them, I don't know if Madam Abbott here has enough free time to see everyone, yes I will help you lodge complaints against staff and any problems with prefects I will deal with. Ron, I did not get Snape demoted because he was a Slytherin, it was because he is an appalling teacher who showed extreme favouritism and wasn't even remotely professional. Quite frankly expressions such as "slimy snakes" points to a level of bias that I do not like to see in a prefect."

Ron's ears went red at that, but before he could retort he was swallowed up by the crowd of students who were all eager to get their problems heard.

"It looks like Mr Potter has got his work cut out for him," observed McGonagall.

"Yes, it does," replied Madam Marchbanks "And that, I believe, is a scathing testament to how far things have declined around here these past few years. Once upon a time those students would have been taking their complaints to their respective Heads of House."

McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout could say nothing to that. As they watched the crowd of students clamouring around Harry, trying to make themselves heard, the stark realisation as to how much they had been letting their students down was really driven home.

Harry's voice rose again, this time it appeared that he had resorted to the use of a sonorous charm to amplify his voice.

"Alright everyone, I can't deal with you all at once. Here's what we're going to do; go back to your house tables and write your complaints or concerns out on a piece of parchment along with your name, your house and your year. Your prefects will come around with a box for you to put your complaints into and then I will go through them all and address them when I can. Sound fair?"

Everyone was nodding and began making their way back towards their respective tables.

"Prefects, if you could come here so that we can sort you out with boxes," Harry continued. He was feeling rather good about this idea. He knew about complaints boxes that were used by companies in the muggle world, but hadn't thought of using one until just now.

All the prefects, along with the head boy and girl made their way over to Harry. Well, all except one. Draco Malfoy stormed out of the hall looking absolutely apoplectic with rage. Pansy was left looking rather miffed at his actions.

Harry turned and called out "Daphne, could you give Pansy a hand?"

Daphne came over and stood next to Pansy. The two girls shared a nod, a signal that both were willing to engage in a temporary truce, and then turned their attention back to Harry who was already conjuring up wooden boxes with slots in the top through which the students could put their written complaints.

"Right," said Harry as he passed the first one to Roger Davies "these are not to be opened, nor are they to be tampered with. I will read through each one and do my best to decide on how to proceed. If I feel the need, I will call on one or more prefects from the house of the student making the complaint in order to get their views on the situation. Do you think you can all handle that?"

Everyone was nodding in reply. They weren't used to this. Normally their jobs were to just keep the peace in their respective common rooms and keep the odd troublemaker in line. Now Harry was asking them to actively participate in helping their fellow students out in ways other than showing the odd lost first year where they should be going.

They were quickly coming to see that Madam Marchbanks had been correct; Harry wasn't there in his new role to be against them. He was there to help them.

He couldn't help notice Cho giving him an exceptionally steamy look, as though she rather liked Harry in his take-charge mind set. Normally this would have gotten a boy his age all hot under the collar, but Harry made a mental note to ask Padma if she had noticed any more odd behaviour from Cho. She had said that she would keep an eye on the girl. He also remembered that he needed to come up with a good idea for a second date with Padma, but that would have to wait until later. He had work to do right now.

Dumbledore had a sickly feeling in his stomach. Almost every single one of the students was eagerly writing something down on a piece of parchment to put into one of those accursed boxes. They were even comparing notes to make sure that they didn't forget anything. He knew that this would not bode well for either Severus or his plans for the Greater Good.

The prefects were soon milling about amongst the tables doing their best to help out. The younger students were putting their hands up in the air and the prefects were hurrying over to assist. They were even mingling between the house tables – Daphne Greengrass was helping a first year Hufflepuff word his problem and no one had batted an eyelid!

Harry walked down the middle of the hall and called out "Prefects, don't forget to add your own complaints. I want to hear from you as well." He then turned to talk with a third year Ravenclaw who wanted to know how to spell 'cantankerous'.

"Look at them," said Professor Spout "I've never seen them like this."

"That's probably because this is the first time in a long time that they feel someone might listen to their complaints," said Harry as he came up to the head table "By the way, I know that there hasn't been a decision made on the position of temporary Head of Slytherin House, but as I am supposed to inform the Head of House of a prefect earning a strike against them. For refusing to cooperate in assisting those in his house, Draco Malfoy has once again shown himself to be unworthy of the prefect's badge that he wears. I am awarding him a strike, his second overall. I shouldn't need to remind you that getting three strikes means that he loses that badge."

"Actually, Mr Potter, you are incorrect," said Madam Marchbanks, causing every head at the staff table to whip around to look at her "Mr Malfoy was already on his second order. I awarded it to him myself earlier today. Refusing to comply with an Auror is not a desirable trait to see in a prefect. I was going to inform you later."

"That's fine," said Harry before sighing and saying "Well, it looks like dear old Draco has lost his badge. I'd better write a letter to his parents to discuss this with them. I don't suppose I could put a little bit of pressure on you to get a move on with selecting a temporary Head of Slytherin? I'd rather like to have that person at my side when dealing with the Malfoys."

"There will be at least one representative from the Board of Governors in that meeting with you, Mr Potter," said Madam Longbottom.

"And a representative from the Wizarding Examinations Authority," said Madam Marchbanks, before adding as an afterthought "It's probably best for the Deputy Headmistress to be there as well…"

McGonagall gave a nod of confirmation.

Just then Professor Sinistra, who taught Astronomy, spoke up "Would it be possible for me to put my name forward as temporary Head of Slytherin?"

"Of course," said Madam Marchbanks "in fact, if there are no objections to your appointment we might as well announce it right now."

No one had a complaint against this. Dumbledore was just relieved that Dolores Umbridge hadn't put her name forward for the role like he had been expecting.

The woman in question knew exactly what Dumbledore had been thinking, but there had never been any danger of her taking on the Head of Slytherin role, even only on a temporary basis. If the number of complaints being written out were anything to go by, she would be given her High Inquisitor position by the end of the month. She and the Minister had gone through this meticulously and she could not afford to appear to show favouritism to one group over any other, be it their school house, their age or the purity of their blood. That Madam Marchbanks and Madam Bones had also made that point quite clear ensured that she kept well clear of associating herself with any one group of students.

Madam Longbottom returned to the Headmaster's podium and announced that Professor Sinistra had just been temporarily appointed to the position of Head of Slytherin House.

This was met with a round of applause from the students, getting a blush out of the normally quiet Professor Sinistra, before they all went back to their scribbling.

"You done yet?" asked Ron of a third year Gryffindor. When the girl shook her head, Ron went to the next student and asked the same question.

Hermione rolled her eyes behind his back and then crouched down beside the third year and asked "Anything you need a hand with?"

The girl blushed and bit her lip before turning her head to make sure that Ron had moved out of earshot. Once she had found that the coast was clear she turned back to Hermione and said "Actually, I was going to make a complaint about him."

"Oh?" asked Hermione, suddenly feeling rather torn.

The girl nodded and said "He's not being very helpful right now, and yesterday I saw him call a first year a midget before telling him to shove off so that he could have the good armchair by the fire."

"Did he?" said Hermione, leaning to the side so that she could look at Ron who was standing further along the row looking utterly bored and ignoring a second year Ravenclaw who had her hand in the air.

Since they had gotten their badges over the summer, Hermione had tried so hard to drum into Ron's skull that there was a certain level of responsibility that came with their new positions, but it clearly had not worked. She was honest enough that Ron just saw the position as the chance to lord it over other students; he had little intention of doing the actual work involved. Maybe this would be what he needed to get his act together…

She thought for a moment longer before saying "Midget is spelt with a "dg" not a "j"."

The girl nodded happily and began writing.

The bell signalling the end of the lunch hour and the start of the afternoon lessons rang out loud and clear and all the students paused before looking to Harry.

Without even looking at the staff table Harry said "Well, classes have been disrupted all morning, one more lesson really isn't going to hurt. Keep going make sure you put everything down."

They all continued.

"Look at him," whispered Sarah Abbott to Amelia Bones, having moved to be near her friend when Harry was mobbed "he's a natural leader."

Amelia nodded and replied "You'll never guess what I found him doing in the Great Hall this morning."

"What?"

"Teaching."

"No way,"

"Yes way. The impromptu study period for all those whose lessons were being disrupted by the questioning wasn't going too well, so Harry got up and had them all practicing shield charms."

"Even the older ones?"

"They were the ones working the hardest. Couldn't have a fifth year doing something they weren't able to do."

"Blimey. Lily would be so proud!"

They continued going until the bell for the end of the first afternoon lesson rang out.

"Alright everyone," said Harry "We're really going to have to call it there. If you think of anything else then please come and see me when you can. In the meantime please put your written complaints into the boxes if you haven't already, and get to your next lessons."

The students began packing up their things, feeding the last few pieces of parchment into the boxes and making their way out of the hall.

Once they were gone the prefects approached Harry and they made a pile of the boxes.

"Good work all of you," said Harry.

Most of them replied with thanks for the compliment and began filing out of the hall.

Hermione was the last one to place her box down, and Harry decided that he really needed to crack the ice with her a little. He might not consider her a friend anymore, but with her being a prefect he was going to have to work with her.

"So, did you fill out a list of your own complaints?" he asked.

Hermione looked uncomfortable and replied "I'm not sure it's really my place to do that, Harry."

"Don't be silly," said Harry "of course it's your place. Your parents pay a lot of money for you to come here. If you don't think that something is right then you have the right to complain about it."

"I suppose." said Hermione, awkwardly.

"So is there nothing you want to put into one of those boxes?" he asked "No complaints to make, no desire for a tutor, maybe a suggestion to do something differently…"

"Well…" she said uncomfortably before soldiering on "there is one thing… It's not really a complaint, but… well, see at most boarding schools in muggle Britain they have this thing called an exeat weekend where you go home at, say on the Friday evening and then come back on the Sunday. You know, like a way for the students to get to spend a little more time with their families. I know we get Hogsmeade weekends but it's really not the same. Plus it gives the teachers a break…"

"Write it down then," said Harry.

Hermione looked at him searchingly for a moment longer before taking a piece of parchment and a quill out of her bag. She wrote out her suggestion before folding up the parchment and placing it in the nearest box.

"Does that feel better?" he asked.

Hermione nodded and replied "It kind of does."

"Good," said Harry before adding "By the way, I think it's a pretty good idea."

Hermione nodded again before saying in a small voice "Well, see you in Care of Magical Creatures…" before heading off to Arithmancy.

Harry was left there feeling slightly awkward. For a moment there it was like everything between himself and Hermione had been back to normal… well almost.

He set about shrinking the boxes down and putting them into his bag. The officials from the DMLE had left the school in order to return to the Ministry, whereas the representatives from the Board of Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority had retired to Professor Sinistra's office in order to go through a few details regarding her temporary appointment to the role of Head of Slytherin. All the other teachers and staff had left, save one.

"Are you alright, Harry?" Sarah asked.

"I think so," he replied.

"Have you checked her out?"

"Checked who for what?"

"Hermione, for potions."



* * *



A/N Okay, I know its short, but this chapter does everything that I need it to. I know that some of you won't like Sarah's suggestion at the end, but do you really think that after all that was found to be wrong with Harry earlier in the story that he wouldn't want to check that Hermione wasn't under the same influence? As to whether she is under the influence of any potions or not… well, you'll just have to wait and see. But as I have said before, like her or not, Hermione will be having a character arc in this story and, potions or no potions, she has some harsh lessons to learn.





*Chapter 20*: A Moment to Think


			Ok, I owe you all an apology. If you read my other story then you've already had this, so feel free to skip. About a month and a half ago Nintendo released Pokémon X and Y versions on the 3DS. I have been pretty much glued to my copy of Pokémon Y for the last few weeks but now the novelty is beginning to wear off so I should be back to regular updates of my stories. Sorry for the delay, but these things happen!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 20: A Moment to Think

Harry stepped through the door of the owlery and looked around for a suitable delivery owl. In his hand was a w sealed envelope which contained a letter that was addressed to Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, Draco's parents. The letter was a request for them to come to Hogwarts in order to discuss their son's recent behaviour and the actions that were being taken against him as a result.

Harry was not looking forward to that inevitable meeting.

Hedwig flew down from the rafters and landed on his shoulder.

"Hey, girl," he said in greeting, lifting a hand up to stroke her feathers.

Hedwig clicked her beak in an affectionate manner before looking at the letter in his hand expectantly.

"Sorry, Hedwig," Harry said "but this letter is for the Malfoy's. There's no way I'm sending you anywhere near their mansion. I've only just got you back."

Hedwig bobbed her head as though in acceptance of his reasoning and Harry made his way over to one of the school owls that were there for everyone to use. He called down a tawny owl and attached the letter to the band on its leg before reaching into his pocket and pulling out an owl treat for the bird.

"Don't hang about one you get to your destination," he told the owl "this letter contains bad news for the receiver and they are likely to throw a tantrum so you should get in and get out as quickly as you can, ok?"

The tawny owl hooted contentedly before spreading its splendid wings and taking flight.

Harry, with Hedwig still on his shoulder, made his way over to one of the tall windows and watched the bird disappear towards the sun that was setting in the distance.

He pulled out his wand and used a cleaning spell to get rid of the owl dropping that coated the window ledge before leaning against it.

Really this was the first time in a long time that he had been able to just stop and think.

For some reason his mind drifted back to that day in the Ministry when his whole world had begun to change.

It was the day that shattered an illusion, the day that he had realised Albus Dumbledore was not the man that the myth made him out to be.

When faced with the loss of power over the simple matter of telling the truth, Dumbledore had quickly backtracked, withdrawing his statements and apologising to any inconvenience caused. He had then gone on to blame Harry for the whole debacle, making it appear as though Dumbledore had been sucked into a wild story that Harry, in a moment of madness, had made up.

Worse, he had kept all this from Harry by placing him in isolation and cutting him off from all contact with the magical world.

Harry had been hurt by this betrayal but at the same time it had awoken something within him, something that had refused to take the fall, something that refused to be strung from the (metaphorical) hangman's noose so that others could play their little political games.

No one had been more surprised than Harry himself by the words that had left his mouth in that courtroom when he changed the focus of the blame from himself right back onto Dumbledore. Even more surprising had been the spiel he had delivered in the Minister's office straight after. He had spun a tale in which he was little more than a marionette whose strings were being mercilessly pulled by the grand puppet-master Dumbledore.

At the time he'd had no idea where all these notions were coming from but in the time since he had been rapidly coming to realise that much of it was true.

Dumbledore did have his own plans and schemes that he expected everyone to just go along with. There had been potions in Harry's system designed to keep him loyal and pliable to Dumbledore and his plans. He had been left mysteriously ignorant of his family's legacy, books about his family's history were missing, and money had been stolen from his vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank.

Whatever there was that was wrong in Harry's life, the finger of blame always seemed, almost unerringly, to point to Albus Dumbledore.

But Harry was breaking free of that now, and if there was one thing that Albus Dumbledore did not like it was someone breaking free.

Harry could think of no better example of this than what had taken place in the Hospital Wing of Hogwarts shortly after the tragic events of the third task.

At the time Harry had been quite cross with the Minister for not accepting that Voldemort had returned to life, but now, with the potions out of his system, Harry was free to look at the situation from other angles. Yes, it had been a mistake on the Minister's part to bring that Dementor with him, but nothing that Dumbledore or any of the others had done that evening had helped their case in the slightest.

Dumbledore had heard Barty Crouch Jr. confess to his crimes before his death, but at no point had he offered to allow the Minister to see his memory of that confession. Dumbledore just insisted that he had heard what he had heard and clearly wished for the Minister to just take him at his word.

When that had not worked, Dumbledore had tried the intimidation approach. His aura had flared to give off a sense of power and then continued to talk in a way that, without evidence, would sound absolutely ludicrous.

Looking back, to his own immense annoyance, Harry had then joined in on the game, shouting at the Minister, practically screaming the names of the people he had seen in the graveyard following Voldemort's rebirth. Harry had, of course, been telling the truth, but the Minister had been correct when he had pointed out that every name he gave was of someone who had previously been acquitted of being a Death Eater, and that Harry could have gotten those names out of any book that related to the end of the first war with Voldemort.

And still no actual evidence had been provided, just Harry shouting and Dumbledore "insisting."

Then Dumbledore had further compounded the situation by making a series of demands that, to most witches and wizards, the Minister included, sounded utterly ridiculous. Things like sending envoys to the werewolf and giant colonies or removing the Dementors from Azkaban.

Snape and McGonagall had also gotten in on the act and in the end the Minister had left thinking them all insane. Looking back it seemed to Harry that the whole thing had been conducted with an extremely heavy-handed approach that was designed to intimidate the Minister into doing exactly what Dumbledore wanted.

Everything at Hogwarts was about what Dumbledore wanted.

To Harry it seemed that Hogwarts was nothing but a playground in which Dumbledore could test his theories and carry out one social experiment after another, often risking not only the education of the students but their very lives as well.

There was that whole debacle with the philosopher's stone in his first year. Take a rare and valuable object with life-giving properties that is coveted by one of the most feared Dark Wizards in history and place inside a school full of kids. Harry had to wonder what was going through Dumbledore's head when he thought of that little doozie. He doubted that student safety had even slipped into his mind, given that the first trap had been a three-headed dog that was blocked off from the student population by a verbal warning and a door that was so heavily enchanted that a spell from "The Standard Book of Spells: Grade 1" could open it with ease.

Then there was his second year. Based on the information available to him, Dumbledore would have had to have been a complete moron to not work out where the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets was. Moaning Myrtle had been killed right in front of said entrance, after all, and had haunted that place ever since. Either Dumbledore was a complete idiot who had never asked her ghost what had killed her, or he had known but simple decided to not do anything about it. Yes, it would have required a parselmouth to open the entrance to the chamber but Dumbledore still could have blocked it off. Hell, he could have blocked the whole bathroom off just to have done with it. But he hadn't. Nor, it seemed, had he bothered to work out that the creature in the chamber was a basilisk. That it belonged to Salazar Slytherin should have pointed to it being a snake and one conversation with myrtle should have confirmed said snake to have been a basilisk. But again, Dumbledore had failed to do this.

Then there was Harry's third year at the castle. Harry shook his head. There was so much about that year and the events that led up to it all that did not make the slightest bit of sense that Harry decided to not think about it and move on.

On to fourth year. Quite what Dumbledore was thinking when he decided to bring that stupid Tri-Wizard Tournament back was quite beyond Harry. The whole barbaric practice should have been left to fester away in the dark depths of time, only to be read out in some old history book or another, not resurrected in any way, shape or form, even if it was all under the pretence of increasing international magical co-operation

Harry shook his head ruefully. Yes, Dumbledore liked to play his own tricks and was so used to not being questioned about his actions that when it inevitably happened he barely knew how to cope, having instead to rely on intimidation rather than being able to debate.

Then again, he was surrounded by yes men all the time. Harry could think of no better example of this than after his name had been drawn from within the Goblet of Fire. While grateful that both Dumbledore and McGonagall had believed him when he said that he didn't put his name into the Goblet of Fire, when others refused to believe him, McGonagall's argument had been "Professor Dumbledore believes him, so that should be good enough for everybody."

Given that the "everybody" in question had been two other Hogwarts teachers, the true champion of Hogwarts, the headmasters of two other prominent schools and their champions and two leading Ministry officials who had largely orchestrated the revival of the tournament, Harry really had to wonder about McGonagall. The term "staunch ally" didn't really cover her loyalty to Dumbledore and her blindness to his faults.

Harry wondered if she too should be scanned for loyalty potions or spells.

He had found himself wondering this a lot about various people throughout the afternoon. Ever since Sarah had mentioned the possibility of Hermione being under the influence of potions the notion had gotten stuck in his head. He hadn't given it much thought before now, but the fact was that he had been influenced by potions and therefore the chance was always there that others would be as well.

Harry had no idea how he was meant to check other people for potion or spell influence. Some people knew what he was up to and were checking their own food, but how could he check others without causing a mass panic? Under what circumstances could he get Hermione to allow him to check her for potions? There was no way that she would go for the idea, and Sarah couldn't attempt it as she was not the school's healer and therefore had no reason to try. She may have been a healer but she couldn't just begin casting detection spells on students without giving reasons.

Harry sighed and pushed himself away from the window ledge. He fed Hedwig an owl treat and she barked contentedly before soaring up into the rafters. Harry watched her go and then made for the door.

In a way he kind of hoped that Hermione was under the influence of a potion. He really needed her back on his side right now. He missed her.

In a very short space of time he had lost the friendship of both her and Ron, the two people whom he had previously been closest to in the world and a small part of him yearned to have the both of them back.

Currently he didn't have anyone his age that he was particularly close to. He was getting on alright with Hannah, he supposed, but things with Susan were still a little strange and really he was only just getting to know Padma. The same pretty much went for everyone else, he was just getting to know them. Some like Katie and Neville he was closer to, but there was still that gap.

Sometimes it was hard to believe that he had been at Hogwarts for four years and had only really gotten close to two people. Two people that he was now alienated from.

Ron, he had decided, was a lost cause. He had not thought of it at the time, but looking back now many of Ron's actions had been questionable. The boy was the jealous type and almost as prejudiced as any Malfoy, though he hid it a bit better. Harry recalled Ron mentioning in their second year that his mother had a cousin who was a squib who had gone on to become an accountant. This bit of information had been quickly followed by the words "But we don't talk about him." Harry had turned a blind eye to it at the time, but now it made him uncomfortable.

The main reason for Harry's hatred of Slytherin House had been Ron. Alright, Draco was an arrogant prick and Snape was a douchebag of the highest order, but they were just two people in a group that contained a quarter of the school. No, it had been Ron's whole "there's not a witch or wizard who went bad who wasn't in Slytherin" spiel that had turned Harry fully against that house. In fact, Harry's own fear of how Ron would react if he ever got wind of the fact that the sorting hat had wanted to place him in Slytherin had only cemented Harry's attitude towards the house, and what a fool he had been for it.

Once you got past the pricks there were some genuinely nice people in Slytherin. He didn't know too many of them yet, but so far Tracey, Daphne and Astoria seemed decent enough. In fact Tracey seemed like she could be a good laugh, the type of person whom it was just fun to be around.

No, Ron was a lost cause. Harry had cut him off and he would be all the better for it, but with Hermione he still held out hope. Yes, her worship of those in positions of authority was a bone of contention, but at least he understood why she was like that. Mercilessly bullied by other children, those in authority were all that she had. Unfortunately this had now driven a wedge between them by Harry was certain that she could learn better.

Her being under the influence of a potion or spell would certainly make that problem easier to resolve but, if she was not then she had a long and hard road ahead of her before she and Harry could even come close to being friends again.

He just hoped that that road wasn't too long.



* * *



Albus Dumbledore was in a bad mood as he sat at his desk in his office. In front of him was a book that contained all of rules and bylaws that governed how things were supposed to be run at Hogwarts. He had been hoping to come across something that he could use to stop Sarah Abbott from coming to Hogwarts in order to tutor Harry in potions brewing but he had found nothing.

Her coming to Hogwarts in order to tutor Harry instead of Severus was entirely legal and above board. It even circumvented the Wizengamot ruling that he had forced through thirteen years ago that prevented the woman from ever contacting Harry. Given her position as a healer he had, of course, been forced to concede that there was the chance that one day she would need to work with Harry in her official capacity, but he had planned to get around that by having Poppy treat him for everything, even when the best action would have been from him to go to St Mungo's. He had not counted on the bitch taking on part-time employment in order to get close to the boy.

Ever since Severus had been employed in the castle Dumbledore had had to dissuade at least fifty percent of the student population from employing the services of a private potions tutor and he had, by and large, been successful in that endeavour. Ok, so the numbers of students carrying on their potions studies into their N.E.W.T years were at an all-time low, but in Dumbledore's opinion that didn't matter. By working in the castle, Severus was slowly redeeming himself of past crimes and if the little snots didn't like it then that was their problem. If they couldn't put up with Severus' methods for an extra two years then clearly they didn't have the mentality required to master the subject.

But now all of that had been thrown clear out of the window by Harry Potter! He had gone directly to the Ministry in order to get a tutor, and the Wizarding Examinations Authority had gone out of their way to please him. They had suggested Sarah Abbott, Harry had agreed and the Board of Governors had approved.

There was nothing that Dumbledore could do about it.

Well, not in his role as headmaster, anyway.

People had accidents all the time, and perhaps a body, with the dark mark hanging in the sky over the dwelling of the House of Abbott would have to make an appearance sometime in the near future.

But not just yet as to do so now would only cause suspicion. Suspicion aimed at him.

Dumbledore was rapidly coming to the conclusion that Harry's disappearance over the last few weeks of the summer holiday had something to do with Sarah Abbott in some way. He had already realised that Amelia Bones had been involved and slowly the pieces were fitting together to show that the Abbott family had played a part as well.

He had watched Harry at mealtimes, and kept an eye on how well he got along with those whom he sat with. He got along with Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott a little too well for his liking, especially given the unsteady relationship that Harry had had with the whole of Hufflepuff house in the past.

Obviously Harry had spent his time away in a place where he met with both girls frequently, perhaps even at one of their homes. This did not sit well with Dumbledore as, although both the Bones and Abbott families were firmly in the light, none of their current members were strong supporters of Dumbledore and, he was honest enough to admit, with reason.

Amelia's brother Edgar had been a member of Dumbledore's Order of the Phoenix before he and his family had been murdered by Death Eaters in the previous war with Voldemort. That Edgar had been on a mission for the Order when he was captured by the Death Eaters made Amelia suspicious.

She would never know, of course, that it really was the Order's fault. Peter Pettigrew had been passing information from the Order to Voldemort for a year before the war ended, and some of that information had led to Edgar being captured. The Order had been suspicious of a spy in their ranks, but hadn't done anything about it. Dumbledore had had access to veritaserum but had not thought to use it. In fact, he would not even had needed to use it, just the threat would likely have found out the spy as everyone but the spy would have agreed to taking the potion.

So Amelia was distrustful of Dumbledore. Sarah Abbott, of course, had her own reasons for not liking Dumbledore. With Harry's parents dead and Sirius Black in Azkaban, Harry was meant to have been placed into her care. She did not understand Dumbledore's stated reasons for putting Harry with the Dursley family and certainly would not have like his real reasons if she ever discovered them, and so she had pushed the matter until Dumbledore had been forced to attempt to cut her off for good.

He also knew that Severus still being alive and free did not sit well with the woman.

Dumbledore sighed and closed the book in front of him. He had put a lot of effort into making himself look good back at the start of the summer when he had withdrawn his statements about Voldemort's return. Luckily he was an expert at faking humility, but now the world seemed to have turned against him again. He did not fully understand why, but he was certain that Harry Potter, Amelia Bones and Sarah Abbott had worked together to turn the Minister against him.

And now the school was under unofficial investigation, Professor Binns was out, Severus had lost his role as head of Slytherin while the rest of his duties were on the ropes, Harry was independent of him, the prefects were being watched, the students were getting the impression that their complaints mattered and Dumbledore's standing with the Ministry was in tatters.

Who would have thought that Harry Potter being at the Ministry for one poxy day could have caused all this trouble?



* * *



Draco Malfoy was furious. The entire Slytherin House Common Room was silent as he ranted about the latest injustice that scar-head had heaped upon him.

"How dare that stupid half-blood try and take my prefect badge? Does he not know who he is dealing with? Stupid, jumped up mudblood lover. Wait until my father hears about this. He'll put a stop to all this."

The atmosphere in the Common Room as he continued to rant was a strained one. After all, the people there were divided in their opinions on the matter. Some were extremely happy to see Draco getting his comeuppance. These people were of the opinion that it was idiots like Draco who dragged the reputation of their House down. Slytherins were supposed to be cunning and ambitious, not petty little brats who went complaining to daddy when they didn't get their way. Draco and those like him didn't have a drop of cunning in their blood and while certainly ambitious, they merely thought that their ambitions would be achieved because of their family name.

Tracey, Daphne and Astoria were in this group.

Others, although happy that Draco was getting what he deserved could not get past the fact that it was Harry Potter who was the one behind his downfall. That just didn't sit right with them, either because he was a half-blood or because of his former association with Gryffindor House.

The last group consisted entirely of people who were on Draco's side in this. They would be ensuring that their own fathers heard of this latest injustice to the pure-blood way of life and, with any luck, their fathers would be able to assist Draco's father into restoring the status quo. It was, after all, how things were meant to be.

Not too far away from where Draco stood ranting, Pansy Parkinson was sitting in an armchair and staring at the orange flames that were crackling away merrily in the fire place. Draco's behaviour had her worried. She could tell that change was in the air and with the way that he was going Draco was unlikely to survive it.

Without Snape as their Head of House, Draco's behaviour would not be so readily overlooked as it had been before now and she had to wonder at the boy's ability to learn from his mistakes.

That day on the Hogwarts Express, Harry Potter had entered the prefects meeting and had told them exactly how things were now going to be. What he had told them had come straight from the Ministry itself but she and Draco had not paid attention to it. Then they and others had gotten themselves caught behaving in an unacceptable manner towards three of their fellow Slytherins. Potter had followed through on what he had told them would happen to any prefect found to be behaving inappropriately and she and Draco had both been reprimanded.

Pansy had kept her head down from then on, but Draco had pushed and pushed until his badge had been taken from him.

And yet, in his mind, it was the Board of Governors who were in the wrong. It was the Wizarding Examinations Authority. It was Harry Potter.

Not Draco. Never Draco.

"Father stepping down from the Board of Governors was the worst thing to ever happen to this place," Draco continued to rant "this place has been going to the dogs ever since."

Pansy got up and left the Common Room after that. She knew as well as anyone else that Daddy Malfoy had been forced to resign from the Board of Governors in disgrace at the end of their second year and she really couldn't listen to Draco prattle on about the injustice of that any more.

Up in her dormitory she sat down on her bed and leaned over to pull open the lid of her school trunk. It wasn't a standard school trunk, but one a charmed one which opened to reveal different contents depending on which lock you undid. Several of the compartments were empty, but she had one compartment for her school books and parchment, another two for her clothes, one for things that held value, such as jewellery or letters from home, and one that contained nothing but bottles of butterbeer.

It was this last compartment which she opened now. She took out a chilled bottle and popped open the top before pausing to look at the label on the side.

At the bottom of the label, in small, golden writing, were the words "Brewed by PBP Breweries Ltd."

Pansy knew full well what the PBP stood for – Potter, Bones and Parkinson. She did not know the specifics about how that brewery came into being; all she knew was that her father, like his father before him, refused to have anything to do with the company. Her grandfather's brother maintained control over the Parkinson family's interests in the company, but her father refused to take any money from what as obviously a highly profitable business venture.

Not for the first time in her life, Pansy wondered if this was utterly foolish of her father. The entire wealth that their family possessed likely originated from this company, but her father and grandfather had turned their backs on it rather than work with the Potter and Bones families.

She took a long drink from the bottle before swinging her legs up onto the bed and leaning against the pillows.

She had to wonder, if the time ever came, would she be able to look past all their differences and work with the last members of the Potter and Bones families? It was slowly looking like she would have to.

She took another drink and placed the half-drunk bottle onto her bedside table before sliding down the bed so that she could look up at the ceiling.

Times were changing. She would have to decide if she could truly be a cunning and ambitious Slytherin and roll with the changes and come out on top, or if she would cling to her upbringing and the morals of her family, like so many others in her house would, and hope that the changes would be crushed by the weight of the pure-blood movement so that the status-quo could be resumed.

Pansy didn't have an answer right now. All she knew was that Draco's way was quite clearly the wrong way.



* * *



Hermione was struggling to deal with the confliction that was coursing through her mind. Since the start of term everything had been going wrong for her. Worst of all was the fact that Harry hardly wanted anything to do with her. He was very angry with her and she found herself struggling to cope with the notion.

All she had done was do exactly what Professor Dumbledore had told her would be best for Harry's well-being. How could Harry be cross with her for that?

"Perhaps" said a little niggling voice of doubt in the back of her mind "Professor Dumbledore didn't know what was best for Harry."

"But he's Professor Dumbledore," Hermione would argue back "The Professor Dumbledore. He can't be wrong."

"Why not?"

"Because he's Dumbledore."

"Was he not wrong to give Ron a prefect's badge?"

This was something that Hermione really had to struggle with "He's giving Ron a chance."

"Why? He's clearly unsuited to the role. His grades are lacking and his attitude is all wrong."

Hermione could not argue with that thought. Giving Ron the position of prefect over Harry or even Neville just didn't seem right in her mind.

But doubting those in authority went against her very nature. She was sure that Professor Dumbledore must have had his reasons for making Ron a prefect, reasons that she would never understand, just like he must have had his reasons for asking her to not communicate with Harry over the summer and keep Hedwig locked up.

No, Professor Dumbledore had his reasons, and soon everything would come together and they would all understand.

And Harry would be her friend again.

But why, then, did she have these niggling doubts?

She rolled over on her bed and buried her face into her pillows. Hopefully everything would make sense soon.



* * *



Things were going very well for Dolores Umbridge. Her goals of improving things here at Hogwarts were already well underway with full backing from the Ministry and the Board of Governors. Harry Potter was doing a marvellous job of backing her up and after this latest debacle she was certain that the Ministry would be moving up their timescale in order to make her the High Inquisitor much sooner.

She could almost taste the new heights of her upcoming authority. Before long she would be dismissing incompetent staff left, right and centre, and Hogwarts would be filled with people who were not only good at their jobs but also who knew their place. Once Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape and that oaf Hagrid were gone the castle would return to being the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in the world, as it quite rightly should be.

She opened the drawer on her desk and took out a small box which contained several quills. Blood quills. She had brought them along with her with a mind to use them to punish students in detention but it was quickly coming to look as though she might not need them. Mr Potter had most of the prefects on his side now and had ways of dealing with those who stepped out of line. The students appeared to like him and appeared to be largely on his side, something that was keeping their behaviour in check.

Yes, it was good to be Dolores Umbridge right now. She had the ear of the Ministry. She had power at Hogwarts, and she had more on the way.

What could be better?



* * *



The tawny owl circled the manor once before spotting an open window and diving in through it. The room beyond was a study, and the master of the household was sitting at his desk, enjoying a glass of Ogden's finest fire-whiskey as he looked over some paperwork.

The owl landed on the desk and held out his leg expectantly. The blond haired man set his glass down and took the letter from his leg. At that point the owl wasted no time in taking flight and soaring out of the window. Barely a moment later the owl heard a roar of anger, and two green spells whizzed by it, barely missing.

The owl flew straight into a wooded area and landed on a tree branch, resolving to not move until all signs of life within the manor house ceased.

Lucius Malfoy turned away from his attempts to curse the delivery owl and stormed out of his study.

"Narcissa!" he bellowed to his wife "Get your coat! We're going to see the Minister!"



* * *



A/N: Well there you go. Some people were requesting a chapter in which we got to see what was going on with a few people in this story, and I think this covers it rather well. Obviously I could not do it for everyone but these few were ones whose thoughts we really needed to catch up on. Susan, Hannah, Padma, Sarah and Amelia all could have had something like this as well, but a lot of information would just get repeated. They might get something a little later, however.

Also, I don't think I brought this up before, but the whole thing about the Parkinson family helping to brew Butterbeer is actually based on fact. Butterscotch originates from a part of the UK called Doncaster. One of the original distributors was a company called "S Parkinson & Sons" (who still trade today under the name "Parkinson's") and, as the main ingrediant in butterbeer is butterscotch, all I had to do was weave in a muggle-born with the name of Parkinson and suddenly it all fits together.

Seriously, the research I do just to increase your enjoyment of my stories!





*Chapter 21*: The Malfoy Matter


			Wow. I really cannot believe the number of reviews that this story gets with each chapter that comes out! It has almost twice the number of reviews as my next most-reviewed story and this one is far from being done yet!

For those of you who quite rightly pointed out that the quote about all evil wizards coming from Slytherin actually came from Hagrid rather than Ron, thank you, but please cut me a tiny bit of slack here and there. Ron still said it in the first film and it pretty much sums up his whole attitude to Slytherins anyway.

Anyhow, on with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 21: The Malfoy Matter.

Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, was sitting at his desk riffling through some paperwork. It was a little later than he usually liked to stay in the office, but paperwork doesn't fill itself out. Well, not all of it, even with magic.

He often wondered what would happen if everyone in the world, both wizard and muggle alike, one day just decided to stop filling out the paperwork and just get on with the tasks at hand.

Chaos probably.

But, by Merlin, it was boring work, all this paperwork!

The words on the page before him were blurring before his eyes. The hour was late, and the subject matter was so abysmally dull that his eyes were failing to focus on the scrawling handwriting.

He set the piece of parchment down and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his eyes wearily. To be honest, he did not see why he even had to look over this proposal. Why anyone thought that he needed to look over a proposal to increase the standard thickness of the bases of pewter cauldrons from seven inches to eight was beyond him. This sort of thing should have been sent no further up the ranks than the writer's Department Head.

And anyway, increasing the standard thickness of the bases of pewter cauldrons was not how a Minister went down in the history books! To do that, you needed to aim high. You needed to either win a war (preferably being the protector rather than being the belligerent) or you made a revolution in your society.

Fudge intended to use the revolution method, and his targeted area to revolutionise was the field of education. For years, perhaps even decades, the standard of magical education in the UK had declined dramatically, and the Wizarding Examinations Authority had the results to prove it. Hogwarts could once accurately boast that it was the finest school of witchcraft and wizardry in Europe, and one of the top magical schools in the world.

It could not boast that now. Oh, the boast was still bandied about from time to time, but others knew better.

So that became Fudge's target. Initially he had targeted the standards at Hogwarts in order to get back and Dumbledore and to gain a few points with the press, who had been taking repeated jibes at him ever since Sirius Black had escaped from Azkaban two years previously.

However, after realised the true enormity of the scale of the decline in education quality at Hogwarts, Fudge had realised that this could be his way to be remembered – the man who lead the government that revolutionised magical education in the UK, and restored Hogwarts to the number one spot.

Things really were progressing nicely along that front too. He had the full support of both the Wizarding Examinations Authority and the Hogwarts Board of Governors. The Department of Magical Law Enforcement was ready to go if they were required to investigate any serious wrongdoings, and Dolores Umbridge was now positioned inside Hogwarts, providing inside information and biding her time until she could take on a larger role. According to the Daily Prophet, his approval ratings were climbing ever higher and would soon overtake the peak that they had previously reached shortly before the Quidditch World Cup final was hosted in the country.

Yes, things were quickly shaping up just the way Cornelius Fudge wanted them.

A knock on his office door drew him out of his thoughts and, after collecting himself, he called out "Enter."

His recently appointed secretary, Gemma Farley he believed her name was, stepped into the room and said "Sir, Lucius Malfoy and his wife are here. They're demanding to speak with you."

The Minister felt his stomach clench a little. He had been informed about Draco Malfoy losing his prefect badge due to the higher standards being applied to the prefects, and had been warned to expect a confrontation with the Malfoys who, doubtlessly, would want overrule the authority of those who confiscated Draco's badge.

Of course, Lucius was an old friend of Fudge's, but one whom the Minister had been slowly distancing himself from lately. Everyone else was being strong on the issue, now it was his turn.

"Send them in," he told Gemma, who gave a nod before leaving.

Not a moment later, the door to the room swung open forcefully and Lucius Malfoy strode in as if he owned the place. He had done this before, but this was the first time that the Minister had taken especial notice of it, and he found that he did not like it. Not one bit.

Lucius's wife, Narcissa, followed her husband in at a more sedate pace.

"Minister, I think you need to have a word with some of your staff from the Wizarding Examinations Authority," said Lucius, not even extending a greeting.

Fudge bristled at this. Now that he had been prepared for it, he saw Lucius's tactic for what it was as clear as day. "Oh, really?" he replied "And why is that?"

"Those imbeciles have gotten it into their heads that they can strip my son of his prefect position at Hogwarts," replied Lucius, either not noticing or not caring that his demeanour annoyed Fudge "Obviously somebody is attempting to overstep their mark."

"Well," said Fudge as he began to rummage through a stack of parchments "it just so happens that I was sent a list of the transgressions that led to the decision to demote your son from the role of prefect. Aha, here it is!"

He pulled out a sheaf of parchment and began to read aloud "Well, it seems that his first offence was bullying several other students on board the Hogwarts Express as it made its way to the school."

"Preposterous," said Narcissa "my son is no bully."

"It says here that he was caught red handed by another prefect and the student advisor, leading a gang of his fellow Slytherin students in intimidating behaviour towards three girls, two in their school year and one two years their junior."

"Ridiculous," scoffed Lucius.

Fudge moved on to the second offence "Refusal to co-operate with an investigation into alleged misconduct by a Hogwarts Professor."

"My son had the right to request a parent be present," argued Narcissa.

"I'm afraid not," said Fudge "if the questioning was about your son then he would, of course, have been allowed to have one of you present. However the questions were about events within the school and prefects are required as a part of their role to assist in any investigations into misdeeds within the castle, whether the investigation is done internally or by an external body."

He moved on "The third, and final offence, a combination of things, actually. Back-chatting to government officials and school governors, lack of respect for authority, neglecting to perform basic prefect duties, refusal to co-operate with the student advisor and failure to learn from past mistakes."

He set the parchment down and looked at the two parents sitting across from him "The behaviour of your son should not be tolerated from any student at Hogwarts School, and from a prefect even less so. I fail to see what you could possibly complain about here. Your son was in the wrong, and now he is paying the price for it.

The Malfoy's shared a look, and the Minister knew exactly what it meant. They were about to try their second tactic.

Lucius cleared his throat and attempted to appear humble as he tried to subtly slip his hand inside his cloak.

"Minister," he began, leaning forwards over the desk in an almost conspiratorial manner "while I admit that my son's behaviour has been a little out of line, this whole thing could prove rather embarrassing to me. If you could perhaps see to it that this whole this is kept quiet and sweep it all under the rug, I would be very grateful."

He leaned back into his seat and the Minister saw it there, a small, black pouch sitting on the edge of his desk. He knew from past experience that this small, non-descript looking pouch was actually charmed to be much larger on the inside and would therefore contain a good number of galleons.

Fudge felt sick on the inside. How many times had he, to his shame, fallen to this little trick in the past? Well, not this time!

With an expression of calm on his face, he drew his wand and levitated the pouch off of the desk and directed it back into Lucius's lap.

"You can keep your gold, Lucius," he said "Your boy is in the wrong and will be punished accordingly. End of story."

Lucius was seething. He stood up abruptly, not noticing that he had knocked the pouch of gold to the ground, and place both hands firmly upon the Minister's desk as he snarled "Now see here Fudge-"

But the Minister wasn't in the mood for backing down "No, you see, Lucius! Your son is in the wrong. He will be punished. Nothing, I repeat, nothing will get this decision reversed. I appreciate that you are both here out of concern for your son and family, but if you continue to behave like this then I am afraid that I will be forced to call for the Aurors, either to arrest you or forcibly remove you from the building. And believe me, either of those options would do more to damage the Malfoy family name your son losing his prefect's badge!"

Lucius Malfoy's mouth worked furiously, but no sound came out. Finally he turned around and marched out of the office. Narcissa followed him.

As the door shut behind her, Fudge realised for the first time that he was standing. He took a deep breath and then sat back down in his chair. He then realised that he was actually shaking, and not out of fear but anger.

He reached for the bottom drawer of his desk and pulled out a glass and a bottle of brandy. He poured himself a shot and held it up in front of him.

"Well done, old boy." he congratulated himself before downing the contents of the glass.

His secretary poked her head around the door and asked "Everything alright, Minister? I thought I hear shouting."

"Everything's fine, my dear," replied the Minister. He got up again and walked around the table. In doing so, his foot connected with the small black pouch that had fallen to the floor earlier. He bent down to pick it up, and then stood up again with a smile on his face.

He called his secretary back "Gemma. Mr Malfoy very kindly left us a charitable donation. Please ensure that this makes into the fountain of magical brethren as you leave tonight."



* * *



With barely a sound, Lucius Malfoy apparated out of thin air just beyond the front gates of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. His wife arrived next to him and together they began making their way up to the castle.

As they passed through the gates an enchantment detected them and sent a message up to the school.



* * *



Professor Aurora Sinistra was sitting in her office, getting her first real taste of what it was like to be the Head of Slytherin House. Currently she was going through the disciplinary and academic records of Blaise Zabini, hoping that he would qualify for the role of fifth year prefect.

So far it wasn't looking good. The boy didn't get into as much trouble as the other boys in his year (at least not outside the classroom) but clearly his work ethic left a lot to be desired. Homework was usually late, and when it was handed in it was substandard. In lessons was usually getting into trouble for not paying attention.

Looking through Draco Malfoy's records had shown that the boy was even worse than this. Both Zabini and Theodore Nott were better than Draco, but they were still poor candidates for the role of prefect.

And the less said about Crabbe and Goyle the better.

Initially she had thought that perhaps Snape had appointed Draco to be prefect as he was the best of a bad bunch. Now she was of the opinion that it had been a show of favouritism.

The sound of someone coughing in the far corner of her office drew her attention, and she looked up to see that the sound had come from one of the portraits handing on the wall.

Seeing that it had her attention, the portrait spoke to her "A message from the castle to the Head of Slytherin House. The Lucius Malfoy and his wife Narcissa have just passed through the front gates of the school."

"Very well," she said to the portrait with a nod of her head "Thank you."

She put the records pertaining to Crabbe, Goyle, Nott and Zabini away, but left Draco's out. It was likely that she would need it.

"Mipsy, Mopsy, Topsy and Tipsy!" she called out, and four House Elves appeared in the room.

"Yes miss?" the four chorused.

"I need the four of you to relay a message to four different people. One of you go to Professor McGonagall, one to Madam Marchbanks of the W.E.A, one to Madam Longbottom of the Board of Governors and one to Harry Potter. Tell them that the Malfoys are on site and ask them to come to my office."

The four elves nodded and each one disappeared as Professor Sinistra went to her office door. She intended to intercept the Malfoys in the Entrance Hall.



* * *



Argus Filch was in the Entrance Hall, using a mop and bucket to clear away some muddy footprints when the Malfoys arrived.

Lucius was in a foul mood due to the fact that his meeting with the Minister had not gone his way and, after glancing around to check that no one else was around, he decided to vent some of his frustration upon the caretaker.

"Squib," he barked "I wish to speak with my son's Head of House. Go and fetch Professor Snape."

That made him feel better. Then again, calling people derogatory names, putting them down and ordering them about always had that effect on him.

Filch gripped the handle of his mop tightly out of anger. As much as he might want to, he knew he couldn't swing the mop around and clout the arrogant ponce over the head with it, no matter how much he wanted to.

So instead he settled for taking great delight in bursting the man's bubble "Didn't you hear? You old pal Snape went and got himself demoted."

"What?" demanded Lucius, his joy evaporating.

"Snape ain't the Head of Slytherin anymore," replied Filch, driving the barb home "and by all accounts, if he keeps on going the way he has been, he won't be in the castle much longer either."

Lucius felt his anger beginning to boil again, but shoved it down. He made a mental note to relay this news to his Lord and Master as soon as possible, before asking "Then who is the new Head of Slytherin?"

"That would be me," said Professor Sinistra, who had just arrived in the hall to hear the question asked "if you would like to follow me, we'll have this discussion in my office."

She turned on her heel and began striding back towards her office. The two Malfoy's shared a look before following on in her wake, ignoring Filch as they passed him.



* * *



Professor McGonagall was already waiting outside Professor Sinistra's office when they arrive.

"What's she doing here?" asked Lucius with a scowl.

"I asked her to come," replied Professor Sinistra "She is, after all, the Deputy Headmistress of this school."

Neither Malfoy argued that point, but both were worried. They were used to working with Severus. This Professor Sinistra was a virtual unknown to them, but having McGonagall there to back her up could not be a good thing as far as they were concerned.

Just as the group was entering the office the fireplace in the corner roared into life with emerald green flames. Two women stepped out one at a time, the first being Augusta Longbottom and the second Griselda Marchbanks.

"Thank you for the alert, Professor Sinistra," said Madam Marchbanks.

"Thank you for agreeing to help clear up matters," replied the Astronomy Professor.

Lucius felt his stomach clench painfully. He had been hoping for a word with Severus to get this little issue fixed up, but now he was going to have to deal with McGonagall, Marchbanks and Longbottom, as well as this Sinistra woman.

"Can we begin?" asked Narcissa.

"No, we're waiting on one more," replied Professor Sinistra. A moment later there was a knock at the door.

"That'll be him," said Professor Sinistra before calling out "Come in!"

Lucius saw red at the sight of the person who entered the room.

"Potter! What on earth are you here for?"

Harry affected a puzzled look before asking "Why Lucius, surely you must know about my new role within the castle?"

Lucius's mouth snapped shut. He was aware, of course, of Potter's new role as student advisor, but that didn't mean that he had to like it!

"Perhaps we should all take seats?" suggested Professor McGonagall.

Agreeing to this, everyone sat down; Harry, Professor Sinistra, Professor McGonagall, Madam Marchbanks and Madam Longbottom on one side of the desk, the two Malfoys on the other.

"Right then," said Professor Sinistra "I presume that you are here to enquire about your son's loss of his prefect status."

"We are," replied Narcissa.

"Starting this year," said Madam Marchbanks "a full scale review of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry has begun. This is being done in an attempt to bring standards at the school to a much higher standard. As a part of that, Mr Potter was chosen to become the student advisor. Amongst his tasks that relate to this role, he is required to assess all prefects to make sure that they are up to appropriate standard."

Harry took over "During the first prefects meeting of the year, I presented to the prefects with this," Here he took a roll of parchment out of his robes and unfurled it before placing it onto the table for all to see.

He continued "It is a copy of Educational Decree Number 25. This decree was personally signed by both the Minister for Magic and the Head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority, and it clearly explains about my new position and what it means for the prefects. That they were now being held to standard was made crystal clear to them and every prefect present indicated that they fully understood the situation."

Professor Sinistra began speaking "The first prefects meeting of the year takes place on board the Hogwarts Express near the beginning of the journey. Before the journey was over, Mr Potter, with the assistance of several other prefects had been forced to intervene in a situation of severe bullying. Your son and his fellow fifth year prefect, Pansy Parkinson, were both the aggressors in the situation and as such, both were awarded a strike against their name."

Narcissa tried to refute this with the same line she had used at the Ministry "My son is no bully!"

Lucius however, tried to shift the blame elsewhere "Obviously Mr Potter here got a little over-zealous with his new position of authority and blew a mere disagreement between students out of proportion."

"Eight other prefects and the Head Boy can all attest to my description of events on the train to be accurate," replied Harry, calmly "Only your son and his little friends seem to think that outright intimidation, name calling and physically striking someone does not count as bullying."

Professor Sinistra moved on "Your son earned his second strike by refusing to co-operate with Ministry officials who were conducting a review of the behaviour of a member of Hogwarts' staff, namely Severus Snape. This is in spite of his position of prefect requiring him to do so."

Having already gone through that one with the Minister, neither Malfoy parent argued. They knew that there was no wriggle room there.

Privately Harry wondered if such a rule existed for prefects in schools located in the Muggle world. He wasn't sure of the answer.

Sinistra continued "And finally your son was disrespectful to Ministry officials and members of the school's Board of Governors in the middle of the Great Hall in front of the gathered student body, and then refused to complete a task assigned by the Student Advisor. In this he earned his third strike and displayed an utter contempt for his position and an inability to learn from his mistakes. As such, the decision was made to strip him of his prefect's badge."

"This punishment," said Madam Longbottom "has been reviewed by representatives from the Board of Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority. Both groups have concluded that the punishment is just and will stand."

"Any more questions?" asked Madam Marchbanks

For a while, neither parent said anything. Lucius was fuming, but Narcissa seemed both thoughtful and resigned.

Finally she broke the silence "Would we be able to bring our son home until after the weekend? Perhaps this will allow tempers to cool down and we can talk some sense into him."

"I think that would be a wide idea," commented Professor McGonagall.

"Agreed," said Professor Sinistra "I will escort you to the Slytherin Common Room so that you can collect him."

She and the two Malfoys got to their feet and began making their way towards the office door.

However, Lucius was a prideful man who always liked to get in the last word, and today was going to be no exception.

At the door he turned back to face those in the room and said snidely "This school was once great, but ever since that fool Dumbledore was put into the top spot this place has gone downhill. Rest assured, we will be seriously rethinking Draco's continued schooling here."

Harry locked eyes with the man and replied "Do then!"

In that moment, the tension in the air of that little office room could have been cut with a knife. And it was in that same moment that Albus Dumbledore decided to make his entrance.

Without even the common courtesy of knocking and waiting to be invited in, he pushed open the door and walked straight in.

"Aha. Here you all are."

"Why are you here, Albus?" asked Madam Marchbanks.

"I was alerted by the school's wards that Mr and Mrs Malfoy had arrived and was hoping to speak with them. Aurora, you should have informed me of the location of this meeting."

"I was unaware that you wished to be a part of this meeting, Headmaster," replied the Astronomy Professor, blithely "you did not volunteer your services with Mr Potter asked for assistance in dealing with the Malfoy parents, so I assumed that you were trusting others to work the situation out."

"Nevertheless," continued Dumbledore "I am here now. Let us discuss the situation at hand."

"No need, Headmaster," said Harry "the situation has already been resolved. All have agreed that Draco Malfoy's punishment will stand, and his parents were just about to find him in order to take him home until after the weekend so that they can try to reason with him."

Dumbledore looked like he had just swallowed a particularly sour lemon drop. Finding his voice again he asked the Malfoys "Are you certain that this is the best option?"

"There are times in life where one must concede defeat, Headmaster" replied Narcissa "and there are also times in life when it is best that tempers be allowed to cool down. This is a time when both must happen."

Dumbledore gave a resigned nod of his head and stepped aside to allow Professor Sinistra and the Malfoy parents to pass through the door.

Once they were gone, Harry stood up from his seat and said in a bright and cheery voice "Well, that went well. Madam Marchbanks, Madam Longbottom, Professor McGonagall, thank you very much for your help in resolving this little situation. I trust that I can count on the three of you again should the need arise?"

After getting three acknowledgements, he thanked them again and said "Well, if you'll excuse me, I must be off. I want to catch Professor Sinistra on her way back, to see if she has any thoughts on the replacement prefect. Goodbye."

And with that, he turned and walked out of the office without giving so much as a look of acknowledgement to Dumbledore as he passed the man.



* * *



By breakfast the following morning, the news that Draco Malfoy had been taken home by his parents was all over the castle. Of course, the rumour mill greatly embellished upon the truth, with many students thoroughly convinced that Harry Potter had personally expelled his schoolyard nemesis.

"Are you planning on telling them the truth?" asked Hannah as they ate breakfast.

Harry looked over to the Slytherin table, where more than a few students kept stealing fearful glances towards him.

"At dinner," he replied finally "I've put up with enough crap from that house over the years. Let them stew in their worry for a couple of hours."

Susan laughed as Hannah shook her head and went back to her scrambled eggs.



* * *



Lord Voldemort was sitting upon a throne-like chair in the Grand Hall of Malfoy Manor. In front of him, Lucius Malfoy was hunched over on the floor and trembling, having just suffered the effects of the cruciatus curse.

Voldemort was a firm believer in not killing the messenger, but that didn't mean he didn't vent his frustrations upon the bringer of bad news.

The Malfoy whelp losing his position of prefect was hardly of any concern to Lord Voldemort. Of course, having the son of one of his inner circle of Death Eaters hold a position such as prefect at Hogwarts did have its advantages, but in the grand scheme of things those advantages were miniscule and therefore largely inconsequential.

No, the bad news that Lucius had brought was that Severus Snape had been demoted from his position as Head of Slytherin House at Hogwarts.

Voldemort had, of course, been aware that the Ministry was currently spear-heading a movement to increase standards at Hogwarts and for the most part the news has pleased him. He knew of many of Dumbledore's more recent recruits and how most of them would not stand up in the face of even the slightest bit of scrutiny, something which could only backfire upon Dumbledore himself.

However, Snape losing favour was an unprecedented blow to his own forces. As their spy within the castle, any sign of wrongdoing had the potential of robbing Snape, and thus Lord Voldemort, of vital information. People would be far more wary around the man from now on.

The situation was, without a doubt, regretful, but still yet salvageable. Snape was still in the castle he was still teaching, he still had Dumbledore's ear and he still had access to Potter, even if it was limited.

Of course, things could currently go one way or the other. Snape was on the ropes, and there were a lot of people awaiting his fall.

Voldemort would have to summon Snape soon, and remind him as to just how important it was that he remained within the castle walls.

A cruciatus curse or two ought to do the trick.

At the moment he had no major plans, other than to mostly sit back and wait. He knew full well that the Ministry was working very hard on the task of toppling the great Albus Dumbledore from his pedestal of greatness, and once Dumbledore fell his followers were sure to follow.

Of course, with the Ministry completely denying the fact that he, Lord Voldemort, had returned to power, that would be the perfect time for him to put in a very public appearance.

Yes, he rather liked that plan – allow the Ministry to topple Dumbledore, and then he would come in and topple the Ministry. So long as he kept a check on his spies within the Ministry, toppling that institution should be relatively simple, especially compared to his previous attempts during the last war. Then there had been many Aurors, and their department was well funded. Now, his Ministry sources could reveal, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement was under-staffed, ill-equipped and squeezed for finances.

In the meantime, however, Voldemort was free to focus his efforts onto one particular plan that he did have going, which was the difficult task of getting into the Department of Mysteries and locating that blasted prophecy, something which he was certain he had not heard in full previously. Once he had his hands on that, he was certain that he would be able to destroy the last obstacle in his way to complete power – Harry Potter.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? I hope you enjoyed it. Some people have been asking to hear from Voldemort again, so I gave you a scene with him right at the end.

We had Fudge growing a backbone, the Malfoy's not getting their own way, a charitable donation, a cameo from the girl who was Slytherin's fifth year prefect when Draco first arrived at Hogwarts (though never names in the books), the powers that be at Hogwarts standing together, Dumbledore getting stepped on, Harry winding up a few of his former tormentors and a "Meanwhile, back at the ranch..." type moment with Voldemort. What else could you want before Christmas?

This may end up being the last update for this story before Christmas. However, I do plan to get out another chapter of Harry From Another World by then, and I have a Christmas story ongoing that I will be working on for the festive season called Harry Potter: Father Christmas's Apprentice. Give it a look if you want something light-hearted and festive to read.

In the meantime, I'll wish you a Merry Christmas! Have a good one (and if you don't celebrate it, enjoy yourselves in whatever it is you celebrate this time of year, and if you celebrate nothing at this time of year, then still enjoy yourselves… I'm rambling now.)





*Chapter 22*: Caractacus Burke


			Sorry for the delay. As you can probably tell from my other stories, my muse has been elsewhere!

This story is now officially over a year old! It has just over two and a half times as many reviews as my next most reviewed story, more than two and a half times the number of favourites as my next most favourited story and more that than three and a half times the number of followers as my next most followed story.

And to think, we're probably not even close to being half way through yet!

I would therefore like to take this opportunity to thank everyone how has favourited, followed or reviewed this thing, as well as everyone else who has taken the time to read this story and stuck with it this far!

So a big thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you and thank you to each one of you!

Anyway, without further ado, let's get rolling with chapter 22!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 22: Caractacus Burke

Friday afternoon found Harry having his final lesson of the week in a classroom on the fourth floor. Usually this room was unused by the staff of Hogwarts, and the last time that Harry had been into this room, the Mirror of Erised had been stored there.

The mirror was long gone by now, its current location probably only known by Dumbledore.

As it was, the room made the perfect place for Harry to receive his private potions lessons from Sarah Abbott.

For now it was just the two of them, but people had been coming up to Harry all week asking if they too could take their potions lessons from Sarah rather than Snape. Something somewhere would soon have to give. Sarah had no reason to refuse teaching those who had potions class at the same time as Harry, but anyone else would probably end up having to make other arrangements. Her first job was at the Ministry, working for Amelia Bones in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement so it wasn't like she had an excessive amount of free time.

The lesson would soon be ending, but Harry had learned quite a lot. They had not brewed anything, but they had instead gone over Morlett's Principle, which helped explain why black beetle eyes were such a common ingredient in the brewing of potions (it made for an excellent stabiliser of potentially volatile liquids when brewing), as their subject for the day.

This, according to Sarah, was basic level stuff – the sort of thing that no student at Hogwarts should have ever have brewed a potion without first being able to recite as if it were the alphabet.

Snape had never deemed it necessary to teach this to those that he allegedly taught, and Harry was only passingly familiar with it because it had come up in a Herbology essay on the potential uses of bubotuber pus.

"You know Harry," said Sarah "I'm considering taking on more students purely out of the morbid curiosity of finding out exactly what they don't know."

"Well, I would imagine that the Slytherins would have a reasonable grasp of the basics," replied Harry "I wouldn't be at all surprised if Snape conducted a lecture on the basics in the middle of the Slytherin Common Room in order to make sure that his first years outshine the rest. Beyond that, the most studious of Ravenclaws probably have the best grasp, along with those dedicated to mastering the art, like Hannah."

"You're probably right," replied Sarah. "You know, ever since Snape started teaching here, there has been a huge decline in the percentage of students who leave Hogwarts with an N.E.W.T level grade in potions."

"Can't imagine why," replied Harry, his voice dripping with sarcasm "Snape's such a charming individual."

Sarah shuddered and replied "Stop talking like that. You'll make me sick."

Harry smirked and said "Well, at least those who actually want to learn can go to Madam Pomfrey's club."

"Club?" asked Sarah "What club?"

"Madam Pomfrey runs a club every Thursday evening for anyone who wants to practice brewing healing potions," replied Harry "Surely Hannah's told you about it. She goes."

"She told me that she helps out in the Hospital Wing on a Thursday, but she never said anything about a club. You didn't go, did you?"

"Of course I did," replied Harry "I'm trying to get better at potions, remember? I'm taking all the help that I can get."

"Harry, you need to be careful around Poppy Pomfrey. Don't forget, she's still under suspicion for either not noticing or ignoring all of the ailments that I discovered back at the start of August."

"You still think that she was involved somehow?" asked Harry.

"I don't know, Harry, but a healer doesn't just miss all of that. You were malnourished, had poorly grown bones, or else ones that had broken and healed incorrectly. And that's before we take in the scars and the loyalty and compulsion potions. Pomfrey has to have been involved in some way, either following orders to ignore what she found, or else having the knowledge removed from her mind before she could take action."

Harry leaned back in his chair and tapped his fingers on the table for a few moments before commenting "I would place gold on it being the latter."

"I would hope it's that," agreed Sarah "Oh, and speaking of potions in your system, I was asked to hand this onto you."

She pulled a letter out of her pocket and handed it to him, explaining "These are the results from that treacle tart you sent off to Amelia for testing."

Harry opened the letter and pulled out the parchment contained within. It confirmed his suspicions.

"Loyalty potion, compulsion potion… wait… a befuddlement draught and a mild love potion?"

"A befuddlement draught can cause the drinker to become somewhat confused and reckless," explained Sarah "And I think that the love potion is pretty much self-explanatory."

"But I didn't test positive for either of those before, did I?" questioned Harry.

"No. I suspect that they are new additions to help keep you in line."

"Well, I suppose that some of my actions in the past have been as if I were under a befuddlement potion…" said Harry "Or at least the reckless part, anyway. But why a love potion?"

"My guess is that they wanted you to be too preoccupied with a girl to carry on as you have."

"Which girl?" asked Harry.

"No idea." replied Sarah "Are there any that you can think of who have been acting differently towards you lately?"

"Well, yeah, loads," said Harry "But that's because I'm interacting with more students."

"But are there any that stand out?"

"Not really. I mean, I'm getting on with Hannah and Susan a lot better than ever before, but that's more due to use spending the last weeks of summer in each other's company. A few Slytherin girls have begun warming up to me, but they're the ones I helped on the train… Wait, how about Padma? I went on a date with her the other day."

"But you didn't ingest the potion," said Sarah "So that can't have been what made you ask her out."

Harry blushed and replied "Well, actually she was technically the one who did the asking."

Sarah smirked at him "Oh really? I'll bet that Hannah loved hearing that."

"Yeah, she wanted to know all the juicy details, both before and after."

"So how has this Padma girl been acting towards you?" asked Sarah.

"How do you mean?" asked Harry.

"Well, has she been overly affectionate with you? Has she been extremely forward? Is there anything to suggest that she pines for you when you're not there?"

"No, I don't think so," said Harry before adding, almost absently "She's acting nothing like Cho."

His own words echoed in his mind for a moment before he fully absorbed what he had said and exclaimed "Holy crap, it's Cho! That's what's wrong with her!"



* * *



St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injures was rather quiet this evening. Officially, visiting hours were over, but two guests walked into the front door to the hospital anyway.

They approached the front desk and flashed their gold badges. The blond haired witch sitting behind the desk nodded and sent a message off to the Chief Healer as the two men began making their way towards the Admissions Department.

Chief Healer Amadeus Hopkirk met them outside his office and directed them inside.

"So," began Amadeus once he was seated in the chair behind his desk "to what do I owe this pleasure? What business does the Department of Mysteries have with St Mungo's Hospital?"

Saul Croaker and Cyrus Greengrass had been trying to set up this meeting for the better part of a week now, and only this afternoon had the Chief Healer finally consented to meet with them.

Though he was not technically an employee of the Department of Mysteries, Cyrus had collaborated with them enough times to warrant them giving him certain a few of the perks that came from working within that department, including the identification badge.

Ever since Harry Potter had levelled half of the Hall of Prophesy whilst fighting the Horcrux in his head, Cyrus had been working with the best and the brightest that the Department of Mysteries had to offer, and seeing as the Unspeakables only accepted the best and the brightest to their ranks, Cyrus had been working with a fair few minds could have given Rowena Ravenclaw herself a run for her money.

Based on every bit of information that Harry had ever given to either Cyrus, Madam Bones or Healer Abbott, they had been doing everything that they could in order to track down Lord Voldemort's other Horcruxes.

They had started at the beginning, learning all that they could about Tom Riddle's school days. This was a tough challenge as most who knew him either did not like to talk about him, or were in some way or another a puppet of Dumbledore's.

They had gleaned very little of Riddle's life before Hogwarts, only that he had come from Wool's Orphanage, a place that had long since been torn down. They had searched the place but had found nothing to suggest that Voldemort had ever returned there following his graduation from Hogwarts, far less anything that might have been a Horcrux.

This failure to find anything had caused them to look at the other end of Riddle's time at Hogwarts, trying to discover what he had done after leaving the classroom behind him.

Their findings had led them here.

"We require the opportunity to ask a few questions of one of your patients," explained Croaker "We are on the trail of a criminal and we believe that one of your patients may be able to offer us a little insight into how this man's mind works."

"And which patient would that be?" asked Amadeus.

"Caractacus Burke." replied Cyrus.

The healer looked slightly stunned by this name "You do realise that the man is not exactly all there anymore, don't you? He has been here for nearly forty years now, slowly slipping down the slope towards oblivion?"

"We are aware of his… condition," said Croaker. "However, this man is our main lead. We simply have to question him."

"We also have the backing of the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement in this matter," added Cyrus "Madam Bones is most interested in learning exactly what it is that this patient knows about our target."

Amadeus rubbed a hand over his face wearily before giving a nod "Alight. Alright, I'll allow it. I can't guarantee that you'll get anything out of him, mind you. He's rarely lucid. Most of the time he just stares blankly at the pot plant in the corner of the ward and when he does speak it is usually nothing more than inane babble."

"Nevertheless…" said Croaker.

Amadeus nodded his head and stood up "Very well. I will take you to him."

They left the office and the Healer led the way up several flights of stairs until they reached the geriatric ward.

Beyond the doors they found bed after bed containing elderly wizards and witches who were no longer able to take care of themselves.

They weren't old; they were ancient, even by wizarding standards. Every single one of them was bed ridden, unable to move, far less walk. Most were bordering on being comatose, others needed special spells on them to keep their bodies breathing.

Technically speaking, most of these patients were not ill. They were simply being kept alive long after they should have died of old age. Mostly this was done by rich families who were simply refusing to accept the fact that their older relatives' time had come.

Others, though, were simply holding on, almost as if they themselves were determined to not die. Caractacus Burke was this kind.

The Chief Healer led them to him bed, which was located right at the opposite end of the ward and then left them to it.

Cyrus looked at the man in the bed and had to admit that it did appear as though answers would not be easy to get out of this man. There had been no sign that the man had noticed them arriving. His blank eyes just stared right past them as if they were not there at all.

Once the Chief Healer had left the ward, Croaker began erecting a series of protective spells that were designed to prevent them from being either overheard or interrupted.

Cyrus took the time to observe the man in the bed. He was old, frail with liver spots marking his skin, particularly on his hands, and he was nearly completely bald but for a few long, white wisps of hair that stuck out at odd angles. It was clear that he had been tall in his younger years but had shrunk with age.

Croaker finished ensuring their privacy and pulled a stoppered ampoule out of his pocket.

"Are you certain that veritaserum will be of any help here?" asked Cyrus.

"He's senile, not brain damaged." replied Croaker as he pulled out the stopper from the top of the ampoule "He'll answer just as clearly as anyone else. Hold his head back please."

Cyrus moved around to the side of the bed and tilted Burke's head back slightly. The man did not offer any resistance.

Croaker opened Burke's mouth and allowed three drops of the truth serum to land on the man's tongue.

The effect as almost instantaneous. Where most people under the potion appeared to be less able to concentrate, with Burke it was the opposite. Immediately his eyes became focused and he almost seemed to come alive.

He blinked a few times as though attempting to clear dust from them before focusing his gaze upon the two men who were now standing at the foot of his bed.

He opened his old, toothless mouth and, in a voice that sounded like it had not been used properly for more than two decades, asked "Who are you?"

Croaker began the introductions "My name is Saul Croaker, and I am an unspeakable from the Department of Mysteries. This is my associate, Cyrus Greengrass, a specialist in dealing with dark artefacts."

Burke glowered at them.

"If it's at all possible, Mr Burke" began Cyrus "we would like to ask you a few questions about a former employee of yours. A young man by the name of Tom Riddle?"

For a moment the ancient wizard looked as though he wanted to object to being questioned, but at the mention of the name Tom Riddle, his face suddenly broke out into a wide, toothless smile.

"You want to take about him, do yeh?" he asked "I wondered how long it would take for someone to come asking."

He paused for a moment before speaking up again "I don't usually bother talking with people from the Ministry, but I think I can make an exception this time. What do you want to know?"

"Everything," replied Croaker "Anything that you can tell us."

Burke appeared to think this over for a few moments before giving a nod of his head and beginning his tale "I can't say much of his early life, mind. He kept all that stuff very quiet. What his truthful heritage was, I never found out. Sure as anything, mind, the name Riddle was not the name of an old pureblood family.

"The first I ever heard of Tom Riddle was when I received an owl one October evening, back in 1945. It was from some whelp fresh outta Hogwarts looking for employment. As I said, his family name certainly didn't ring any bells but for him to apply for a job at any location in Knockturn Alley I assumed that he was at least a third generation wizard.

"Well, I had a look over his results from school and I was most surprised. Outstanding grades in every subject he turned his hand to. He had written commendations from several members of staff, including Armando Dippet, the Headmaster at the time, and Horace Slughorn, the potions master and Head of Slytherin House. All full of praise for the lad they were, mind sharp as they come, skilled with a wand, very clever with potions, and all the rest.

"I was quite surprised actually. Normally the only applications we get are from third rate wizards who mucked about in class too much and have found themselves suddenly out in the real world. And usually the request comes from the parents. But here was a young lad looking for work off his own back who actually had good credentials. Too good, in fact, for someone who wanted to work in a shop. But in his letter he had mentioned getting all sorts of offers for positions within the Ministry but he had turned them all down, feeling that they would not be challenging enough for him.

"Well, that was all that I needed to know. Someone which scores and recommendations like that, but who didn't want to work for the Ministry told me that this lad wanted to become a businessman, but who was also quite happy to start from the bottom and work their way up, which was such a nice change from some of the other usual applicants who thought that they could start out in a managerial role despite having no experience.

"I knew there and then that an opportunity like this one would not raise its head again. I had no children myself, and no desire to leave the shop fully in the control of the inept son of my business partner Everard Borgin. Here was my chance to leave the business in safe, dependable hands."

Cyrus and Croaker exchanged a look, both knowing that Burke had not gotten his wish, and that the shop had been left in the sole ownership of Everard Borgin's son, Edward.

Burke continued "I agreed to meet with the boy a couple of days later in the Spiny Serpent pub. He was well mannered and respectful, smartly dressed and above all confident. I employed him on the spot.

"To begin with I had him selling items to potential customers. This proved to be a mistake on my part. He had a keen eye for what was valuable and refused to ever back down during the inevitable negotiation stage. He was much too forceful and put off a lot of potential customers. But, after sitting down with the boy and having a frank discussion with him, he got better and I soon realised that his talents truly lay in the art of buying.

"He had a silver tongue, that boy, and before long he was persuading one witch or wizard after another to part with their treasured items for sums of gold far less than their actual worth. Soon our storerooms were fit to burst. He was bringing in items faster than we could sell them, but sell we did, allowing our profits to go through the roof.

"Business was booming and yet, I had my concerns. There was no doubt in my mind that Tom Riddle was very good at his job, but I began to become concerned at just how good he was at it. Borgin saw no problem, but I did. Our location in Knockturn Alley made certain people suspicious of us. All that was needed for one of Tom's customers to cry foul and the Ministry would have come down upon us like a mother Dragon upon a wolf that had stolen one of her hatchlings.

"I began to keep a closer eye on him. I began making detailed notes on who he bought from and how much he paid. But in the end it wasn't that which worried me the most. He had obsession with treasures.

"An obsession with treasures?" asked Cyrus, looking for clarification.

Burke nodded and relied "I don't mean what most people would consider treasure. He did not covet gold or diamonds. He was more interested in… well, I suppose he was interested in heirlooms."

"Heirlooms?" asked Croaker.

"Yes. Take a necklace, for example. If you had a necklace that was worth, say five hundred galleons, or even a thousand, he would be relatively uninterested. He would attempt to purchase it as a part of his job of course, but that was as far as his interest went. However, if that necklace had some form of actual significance to a family, something that was known to have been handed down throughout the years and perhaps had the family shield engraved upon it, then he took interest.

"When he first started, we had a brooch on display near the counter that had engraved upon it the shield of the extinct Barton family. The number of times I caught him just staring at this thing. He was most disappointed when it was sold."

"Where there any family names in particular that he was obsessed with?" asked Croaker.

"Not particularly. Though, he did have a ring on his finger. A gold ring with a stone as black as the night itself set in it, though slightly cracked. That piece, in particular, he appeared most fixated upon. I only ever got a good look at it once. It wasn't a particularly nice looking ring, rather inexpertly made as a matter of fact, but there was no doubt that it was ancient. The gold band had a couple of markings on it that led me to believe that it rightfully belonged to the Gaunt family. But the stone… the stone was something else.

"How so?" queried Cyrus.

Burke shook his head and said "The stone had a symbol on it. I never figured it out until much later, but it was almost exactly the same at the symbol used by Gellert Grindelwald during his rise to power; a circle, inside a triangle, with a line running through it from the point at the top, straight down."

"Did he seem interested in Grindelwald?" asked Cyrus.

"Never mentioned him," replied Burke "Could have been a coincidence that his ring bore that symbol, but I'll tell you one thing that was not a coincidence. One of Tom's best clients was an elderly lady by the name of Hepzibah Smith, a rich, eccentric old spinster who claimed to be descended from the Hogwarts' founder Helga Hufflepuff.

"Shorty after Tom began working for me she came into the shop looking for a few new treasures for her vast collection. She took a shine to the boy and asked him to visit with her in order to look through her collection of antiques. To my great astonishment he managed to actually do business with her, returning with a dozen items following his first visit alone.

"Never, tough, did he obtain the one item that I desired to have back - locket that had once belonged to Salazar Slytherin himself. She had purchased it from my shop a few years before, and I myself had acquired it from a poor and ignorant little witch who was desperate to make a sale.

"Anyway, one day, about a year after he started working for me, Tom came back to the shop having visited Smith. He had failed to purchase an ancient suit of goblin-made armour, but his mind was clearly elsewhere. All through the rest of that day, his mind was clearly elsewhere and the next two days were the same.

"Then old Hepzibah was found dead in her home. A search revealed that her evening cocoa had been laced with a little-known poison. There was no evidence that anyone else had been in to the house and the woman's House Elf confessed to having mistakenly added the poison to the cocoa instead of sugar. The Ministry concluded that the Elf, who was old and senile, had indeed killed her by accident and did not investigate any further."

"And how was that a coincidence?" questioned Croaker.

"The day after Hepzibah Smith died, Tom Riddle turned up three hours late for work and announced that he was quitting his job right there and then," replied Burke "It was quite a shock as he seemed to have settled in very well and appeared to greatly enjoy his job. After leaving he just seemed to disappear."

Burke sat up a little straighter before continuing "But even more strange was the fact that rather than find room for her hoarded antiques for themselves, Smith's family organised it all and held an auction, which I attended. At no point was there a mention of Salazar Slytherin's Locket."

"That's not so strange," said Croaker "They could easily have decided to keep it for themselves, or found a buyer prior to the auction."

"Perhaps," said Burke "but consider everything that I have told you about Tom Riddle. His obsession with heirlooms, his behaviour prior to Smith's death, my suspicions of his use of extremely underhanded methods in his business dealings… You do know who he became, don't you?"

"We do," replied Croaker.

"Good," said Burke "Then it will pay you to also keep in mind that Smith claimed to be a descendant of Helga Hufflepuff and, if rumours were ever true, she had a small, golden cup that was an heirloom of the Hufflepuff family."

"We'll keep that in mind," said Cyrus "Thank you, Mr Burke."

The ancient wizard nodded his head and leaned back against his pillows.

Croaker lowered the protection charms around the bed and the two men made their way towards the doors of the ward.

Just as they got there, Burke called out to them "If that boy still has those treasures, then you had better be prepared to fight in order to get them, gentlemen. Especially if even half the rumours about him are true."



* * *



Severus Snape was sitting in his quarters at Hogwarts, nursing a glass of Ogden's Finest Fire Whiskey. Classes had ended for the day and a Friday evening meant that he could drink if he wanted to, especially as he no longer had Head of House duties to attend to.

That fact caused his blood to boil. Everything had been going wrong for him lately. The Board of Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority has come together to demote him from his position as Head of Slytherin House, a role that he had been in since he began working at Hogwarts at the tender age of twenty one.

What was more, he was also on probation for his role as the castle's resident potions master. His every move was being monitored and if so much as one of the arrogant little bastards in his classes made a complaint about him he would likely be out on his ear.

Worse, he could not even vent his pent up frustrations by provoking that arrogant Potter brat after the insolent little whelp had had the call to file a harassment complaint and effectively gotten a restraining order against him.

Even Dumbledore could not cover for him anymore.

Snape was now wallowing in a cesspool of self-pity and loathing of the world in general. He was just wondering how in Merlin's name his life could become any more unfair when he felt a familiar burning sensation on the inside of his left forearm.

Lord Voldemort was summoning him. Fantastic!

He set his glass down and left his quarters.

All the students and other members of staff were in the Great Hall enjoying dinner as he passed the open doors. Only Dumbledore noticed him leaving.

Once he was beyond the line of wards which protected the castle and its occupants, Snape disapparated, arriving only a short moment later outside Malfoy Manor.

Black robes billowing behind him he made his way through the wrought iron gates and up the winding path that led to the front doors of the manor.

As a man who was always aware of his surroundings, Snape could not help but notice that Lucius' collection of white peacocks were looking a little thin on the ground, so to speak. This was probably a result of Lord Voldemort's beloved pet snake, Nagini.

A black robed Death Eater, Gibbon, met him at the doors and led him inside. They went through the long corridors of the ground floor until they reached the doors that led to the manor's grand ball room.

Gibbon knocked on the door and then left Snape to his fate.

"Come," instructed a high and cold voice.

Snape took a brief moment to make sure that all of his occlumency shields were in place and then pushed open the door.

The cruciatus curse struck him square in the chest and he dropped to the floor like a brick where he writhed and screamed in agony.

After two long and torturous minutes that felt more like twenty, the curse eased off.

It took a moment or two for Snape's vision to regain focus, though the spasms remained for a lot longer.

The pale face, slit-like nostrils and evil red eyes of Lord Voldemort swam into view above him.

"You have some explaining to do, Severus."



* * *



Amelia Bones listened with rapt attention as the two men told her everything that they had found out at the hospital.

Finally she said "Well, it seems that I will have to arrange a meeting with the Smith family. If they still have the locket and the cup then we can rule them out as dead end leads. If not then we've got a search on our hands."

"I'll head down to Borgin and Burkes tomorrow morning," said Cyrus "I know that Burke said that they sold the Barton brooch, but we need to find out if Voldemort tracked it down later, so knowing who they sold it to will be a good start."

"I'll begin researching the Gaunt family," said Croaker. "With any luck we'll find out what the symbol on that stone was without too much hassle."

Amelia nodded before adding "We'll give it a week or so, then we'll try questioning Burke again. That cannot possibly be all the information that he had on Voldemort."

The two men agreed to this, but unfortunately for all of them Burke passed away in his sleep during the early hours of the following morning. The Healers would put it down as being due to exhaustion from the questioning, but thankfully would not be pressing any charges. In all honestly, Chief Healer Amadeus Hopkirk believed that the sole reason for Caractacus Burke living so long was so that he could pass on all the information that he had given to Croaker and Greengrass that day.



* * *



A/N: So how was that? I know that it is short, but this chapter became a little bit of an info-dump. I know that some people don't like that sort of thing, but unfortunately that is sometimes the way it works.

Anyway, some reviewers have been asking for a while now to reveal just what is being done by those outside of Hogwarts who know the truth about Voldemort's return. I hope that this chapter gives a satisfactory explanation of such.

For those interested, in my head Amadeus Hopkirk is the father of Mafalda Hopkirk.

As for Croaker's first name, up to this point in this story and others, I have referred to him as Algernon. However, I have recently learned that his name is actually Saul. I will do my best to go back to previous chapters and change that for this story and "Harry from Another World" but any other previous that he appears in, he will remain as he is.





*Chapter 23*: Progress Report


			Hello! As usual, thanks to everyone who read and reviewed the last chapter. This story wouldn't exist without your support!

On with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 23: Progress Report

Daphne Greengrass made her way along one of the many corridors of Hogwarts Castle, making her way towards the office of her (temporary) Head of House, Professor Sinistra.

She had been most perplexed earlier when, at breakfast, she had received a summons to visit the office of her Head of House. As far as she was aware, she had not done anything wrong that might warrant a request for such a visit, but one thing that she had learned from being in a House ruled by Severus Snape for four years was that if the Head of House summoned you, you had better turn up no matter what.

So, while some of her fellow Slytherins had vacated the Great Hall in favour of the Great Outdoors in an attempt to spend their Saturday morning basking in what was sure to be one of the last truly sunny days of the year, and other Slytherins had made their way to their House Common Room or to the Library in order to do homework, Daphne had headed off on her own path towards Professor Sinistra's office, which was located near the base of the Astronomy Tower, an appropriate location for the Astronomy Professor to have her office.

She approached the office door and gave three sharp knocks. A moment later, the voice of the Astronomy Professor called out for her to enter.

Inside Daphne found not only Professor Sinistra waiting for her, but Harry Potter as well. No doubt he was here in his capacity as Student Advisor, and so she came to the conclusion that this was merely going to be a follow up regarding the incident on the Hogwarts Express.

The office was nice, Daphne thought, but then after having had Snape as her Head of House for four years, a cardboard box filled with baby blast-ended Skrewts would have been considered an improvement.

The star charts covering the walls made a nice change from shelf after shelf of murky glass jars filled with a miscellany of pickled animals who stared down at you with wide, vacant eyes, and the to scale replica of the solar system which moved in time with the planets and asteroids themselves was a nice touch, especially when compared to Snape's preferred choice of simmering cauldrons of dubious content that spewed forth nauseating fumes that would make even the most unhygienic of mountain trolls seethe with envy.

"Ah, Miss Greengrass," said Professor Sinistra "please, do have a seat. This will only take a few minutes."

Daphne took one of the offered seats that were located on the opposite side of the desk to her Head of House. Harry was standing to the right of the Professor.

Without preamble, the Astronomy Professor got straight to the point "Now, as you know, Draco Malfoy was recently stripped of his Prefect's badge and we have been looking for a replacement."

Harry took over "After reviewing the classroom reports on the other boys in your year, we found that not one of them was up to standard. Therefore we have been forced to bend the rules a little and appoint a second female prefect for your year group."

"And after much consideration," continued Professor Sinistra "we have decided to offer you the position."

To say that Daphne was stunned was an understatement. Of all the things that had gone through her mind whilst trying to figure out why she had been called in to see her Head of House, this was not one of them.

After several long moments she finally found her voice, enabling her to mutter "I don't know what to say…"

"Say you'll take the badge," suggested Harry, a slight smile tugging at his lips.

Daphne's mouth worked for a few moments, but no sound came out. Instead she just nodded her head in acceptance.

"Excellent," said Professor Sinistra "we will make the announcement at dinner. Until then, here is your copy of the prefects' handbook. Please study it well."

Daphne nodded again and took the book. Harry then handed her the silver badge that denoted her new rank and she pinned it to the front of her robes.

"Daphne, in addition to your regular duties as prefect, there is one other task that we would like to assign to you." said Harry.

"What is that?" she asked, her voice returning once again.

"Help Pansy Parkinson to become a decent prefect," answered the Professor "It would not do for Slytherin House to have to lose two prefects from the same year group."

Daphne nodded her acceptance and was dismissed.



* * *



Following the meeting, Harry returned to his quarters and sat down behind his desk.

Now that the issue regarding the second fifth year Slytherin prefect was sorted out, he was left with only one other job for his weekend. Unfortunately it was a monumental task that would most likely take up the majority of the rest of the weekend, several hours during the evenings of the upcoming week and most of the following weekend too.

That task was, of course, dealing with the suggestion boxes.

At the time they had seemed like a brilliant idea, but now that he was faced with sorting through each box and trying to come up with ways to deal with each issue that arose, he was regretting the decision to do it.

Worse was the fact that he could not try and get any of the prefects to help him. He was well aware that there could be complaints against any of the prefects in these boxes, and it would not do to have them discover a piece of parchment containing such a complaint.

Nor could he acquire the assistance of a teacher for the same reasons.

He would have to sort through it all himself and if anything came up that required the attention of a prefect or a teacher, then he would sort it out.

Harry picked up the first box and tapped his wand on the lid to open it. Then he reached in, took out one of the pieces of parchment contained within and unfolded it.

He paled slightly. This one piece of parchment alone contained sixteen different issues.

Realising that he would need a way to organise this he looked around the room to try and get some kind of idea. One hit him almost instantly.

The back wall of the room was entirely bare, containing no portraits, windows or shelves. It was the perfect place to organise things.

Picking up his wand he approached the wall, which was rather smooth for a Hogwarts wall, and began casting spells that changed the wall from a dark grey to a snowy white. He had to cast the colour changing spell multiple times in order to get the effect that he wanted, but in the end he had it.

A giant white board.

Carefully he then used his wand to draw a thick black line down the centre of the wall, effectively dividing it into two halves. With more careful wand work, he wrote, again in black, ink, the word "Complaints" at the top of the left hand side of the wall. Then at the top of the right hand side of the wall he wrote "Suggestions."

He then divided the complaints half of the wall into four parts, the first being for complaints against teachers and other staff, the second part for complaints against prefects, the third for complaints against other students and the fourth for complaints against the school in general.

Without reading any suggestions, he didn't know how best to divide that side of the wall just yet and so he left it until he could get some kind of idea as to how to go about it.

He returned to his desk and picked up the first sheet of parchment once again. Again using his wand, he cut the parchment into smaller pieces, one piece for each issue that the writer had raised. Then he picked up each piece and carried them over to the wall where he began to read them.

The first issue read: Snape is biased towards the Slytherin students and gives them house points for no reason and takes house points from others for no reason.

Harry nodded his head in full agreement with this statement. He pressed the piece of parchment against the wall in the section for complaints against teachers and staff then used his wand to stick it there.

The second piece of parchment read: He once gave me a detention for being twenty seconds late, but when a Slytherin turned up five minutes later he didn't say anything.

Harry sighed. Again this was all too true and he stuck it to the wall just below the previous one.

The next five issues were all complaints about Snape, something which led Harry to suspect that before long he would have to further divide the area for complaints against teachers and staff onto "Snape" and "Other."

The next complaint was against Mr Filch, the caretaker, and suggested that he was not of a suitable mentality to work around children. The one after that was a complaint against Professor McGonagall, accusing her of favouring the Gryffindors too much.

The tenth issue raised was actually a suggestion, one that Harry, personally, thought was a very good one. It read: The library in the castle contains hardly any works of fiction. Some of us like to unwind with a good bit of Sci-Fi or a fluffy romance novel.

Harry now suspected that this student was most likely a Muggle born. He thought about the suggestion for more fictional books for a few moments before creating his first sub-section in the half of the wall for suggestions. At the top of the section he wrote "Suggestions for leisure activities" and stuck the piece of parchment beneath it.

The next complaint read: We never go on any school trips. It would be really nice to visit places like the Ministry of Magic and Godric's Hollow or to get a look behind the scenes of a Quidditch stadium or the place where they brew butter beer. It would help us get a better appreciation for the world.

Again Harry found himself agreeing and created a second subjection of suggestions, this one being titled "Ideas for improvement of education."

The next suggestion went into the same sub-section as it suggested that the school get in special guest lecturers, either as a supplement for what they were studying or to inform the students about subjects that were not usually on the school curriculum.

Harry could see the logic behind that. Care of Magical Creatures class could be enriched by a guest lecture from someone who worked for the Dragon Preserve that was located in Romania. Alternately a talk from the man who invented the Wolfsbane potion was sure to interest some. And then there were the possibilities brought about by having lectures about subjects not taught at Hogwarts, such as Alchemy or how broomsticks are manufactured.

This suggestion was then followed by a series of complaints, the first about the behaviour of several Slytherins, including Draco Malfoy, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle and Pansy Parkinson, sentiments that Harry shared.

Then there was a complaint about Hagrid. Not necessarily against the man himself, but more the fact that this particular student did not feel entirely safe in his lessons. Given the situation the previous year with the Blast-ended Skrewts, Harry was forced to grudgingly agree with this one as well.

Next was a complaint against Cormac McClaggen, a boy in Gryffindor who was in the year above Harry. According to the writer of the complaint he was an odious buffoon and the way he spoke to girls was abhorrent. Again Harry agreed. That time he had loudly suggested to Katie Bell that they find a broom closet together so that he could go motor-boating sprang immediately to mind. Needless to say a half second later her foot had connected forcefully with his bollocks, causing him to drop to the ground like a sack of dragon dung.

It was a memory that made Harry both smile and wince. From that day on he had vowed to never get on the wrong side of Katie Bell!

The final point on this one list read: There really should be more common rooms available within the school. As things are it is very difficult to socialise with students from other houses as talking is not allowed in classes or in the library and any students gathering together in a corridor are soon shepherded along. Only when we go outside are we really able to socialise with those from other houses, however between the months of October and April, the last place anyone really wants to be at Hogwarts is outside. Yes there are Hogsmeade weekends, but these are too infrequent. This segregation only allows things such as the Gryffindor-Slytherin rivalry to continue. Year based common rooms where students from different houses can mix would go a long way to reducing these kinds of problems.

Once more Harry found himself agreeing with this students' reasoning. There were plenty of disused rooms around the castle, be they classrooms that had fallen into disuse or staff offices or accommodation that had no one to occupy them. There was absolutely no reason why these could not be turned into year-based common rooms.

He considered putting this one under the category "Suggestions for leisure activities" before deciding to make a new category "Suggestions to encourage inter-house cooperation."

Then after a moment's thought he used his wand to make a copy of the last suggestion and placed the copy under the leisure activities section.

Harry stepped back from the wall and admired his handiwork. He rather liked it. Everything was organised and in its proper place.

Well, that was the first student done, along with his or her sixteen complaints having been read and categorised. He decided he would have to get on with the next student.

He returned to the open box and pulled out a folded piece of parchment and found that this next student had written fourteen items, of which the first three and last four were all complaints about Snape.

It certainly looked like he really was going to have to give Snape a category all of his own. It was also likely that the complaints against Snape would have to be the first major issue that he would have to bring up with the Wizarding Examinations Authority and the Hogwarts' Board of Governors.

At this rate, it was unlikely that Severus Snape would still have a job within Hogwarts Castle by the end of the month.

Hogwarts would soon be looking for a new potions master.

On the subject of potions, Harry could not help but think back on what he had learned recently about Cho Chang. While definitive proof was somewhat lacking, there was absolutely no doubt in Harry's mind that Cho was under the influence of a love potion that was keyed to him. It explained everything – Cho's overly flirtatious behaviour towards him, her apparent lack of emotion regarding the fact that her previous boyfriend, Cedric Diggory, had been killed in mysterious circumstances (or what some within the Ministry and at the Daily Prophet liked to call "a tragic accident") and it explained why a love potion was discovered in Harry's treacle tart.

Harry and Sarah now had their suspicions, suspicions that they were certain were correct, but now they had to prove it. How to go about doing that was a bit of a problem. With Madam Pomfrey under suspicion for negligence they could not risk persuading her to examine Cho only for her to run off and alert Dumbledore, who was the most likely suspect.

At the same time Sarah, although a certified healer, could not carry out the examination without causing problems. If Cho were a person in the street, Sarah could justifiably ask her to come in for an examination, but Hogwarts was different. With Madam Pomfrey already on site, any other healer who wanted to take a look at one of the students during term time would have to do so with the school's permission. Also, as Cho was a minor, her parents would have to be consulted first. In fact, getting permission from Cho's parents was more important than getting the school's permission.

Harry looked at his watch. At this time Sarah should be at the Ministry, putting her case to Madam Bones so that they both could decide on the next step.

As Harry understood it, the plan would be for Madam Bones to contact Cho's parents and ask that Cho be examined by a professional healer in order to make sure that she was coping well after Cedric's death. It was, admittedly, slightly off putting to use Cedric's death as leverage in this situation, but Harry had a feeling that the boy would have approved of it as long as it meant that Cho was okay.

Of course, one the potions were "discovered" in Cho's blood stream, the Ministry would have reason to investigate other cases where students were suspected to be under the control of potions.

That list, of course, included Hermione.

Harry sighed and tried to put thoughts of Hermione out of his head so that he could concentrate on the task at hand. Cutting her off had been one of the hardest things that he had ever had to do, and a large part of him really did hope that she was under the influence of potions. If she was, then they could get rid of them and he and Hermione could repair their friendship.

If she wasn't under the influence of potions… Harry didn't like to think about that. As angry as he had been with her at the end of summer and on the Hogwarts Express, he still wanted his friend back. He didn't want to think that her behaviour might have been all her own, but he knew that he might be forced to accept that it was.

He shook his head and forced himself to read the parchment in his hand. He had a job to do and he wasn't going to get it done if he just sat there pondering the "ifs, buts and maybes" of life.



* * *



At the Ministry, Sarah had told Amelia of hers and Harry's suspicions and what they wanted the next course of action to be.

Amelia leaned back in her chair, pondering the situation.

"If we begin examining more students for potions, we risk Dumbledore panicking and closing off many of the in-roads of our investigations."

"I know," replied Sarah "But we cannot just sit back and do nothing about this. The girl is quite clearly not herself and her friends are worried about her."

Amelia sighed and said "Even if we only do this for Miss Chang we still risk alerting Dumbledore that we are on to him. You say that her behaviour has changed drastically under the influence of these potions, Dumbledore will certainly notice if she suddenly changes back."

Sarah frowned. She hated situations like this. Choosing between what was right and what was easy was hardly ever a simple option, usually because it was so hard to tell between the two. In addition, what was right was ultimately a matter of perspective.

Was it right to jeopardise an entire investigation into the negligent and criminal actions of a potentially dangerous individual just for the sake of one person? No.

Was it right to condemn an innocent person to living a life without free will in order to satisfy your own ends? Of course not.

Obviously people did both of these things to varying degrees all of the time but that did not make either one of them right and in the end it was all down to one's own perspective.

Much like cruelty, come to think of it.

If only you could see things from a retrospective point of view before they actually happened, life would be so much simpler.

Finally Sarah said "I'm not comfortable with doing nothing for her."

"I know that," replied Amelia "and I understand. But I am not comfortable with the idea of tipping off Dumbledore and have him slip through our clutches before we can arrest him and hit him with everything that we have."

"I know," said Sarah "I don't want that either. That bastard has got a lot to answer for but that doesn't mean we can just sit back and leave Cho Chang as she is."

Amelia thought for a few moments before asking "How about we try and convince her parents to take her out of Hogwarts?"

"That could work," replied Sarah. "Chances are that they might do that anyway once we've carried out the required tests."

"Then I believe that we have found our best course of action," said Amelia.

"Until Dumbledore decides which girl to use to distract Harry next," answered Sarah.

"We'll just have to cross that bridge when we come to it," said Amelia. "Now, I have a meeting with Professors Marchbanks and Tofty in a few minutes and we will be joined by several of Hogwarts Governors. Perhaps it would pay for you to tell them what you have told me."

Sarah nodded her acceptance. Given the situation, this was the best solution that they could come up with. It didn't mean that she had to like that a promising student would be pulled from Hogwarts because of Dumbledore's evil schemes.



* * *



Harry was walking down to lunch, thinking about his task. Every single suggestion or complaint made by that first student had now been backed up by no fewer than twenty others. There was definitely a demand for more fictional books in the library, school trips and year based common rooms. The guest lectures idea was not proving to be quite as popular, though there were still plenty people asking for them.

In addition to those ideas, quite a few people had pitched the idea for a Tuck Shop where students could by sweets, butter-beer and other things only available to those who went on one of the thrice-annual trips to Hogsmeade.

There seemed to be quite a demand for the school's Quidditch league to be given a shake-up, thus allowing more would-be players to chance to shine. There were also calls for muggle sports, with football being the front-runner at the moment and an indoor swimming pool coming in at a close second.

Doing things for charity was also a popular option, and quite a few people were asking for the chance to be more creative, asking for art, dance and cookery classes to be made available. Added to that were the calls for classes to help with writing and spelling, for mathematics classes and for better education regarding the muggle world.

Obviously the half-bloods and Muggleborns had seized their chance with both hands.

Every member of staff now had at least one complaint against them, even Harry (though he wasn't quite sure that the two that he had stuck under his name did actually reference him, the spelling was that bad. Most likely they were written by Crabbe and Goyle.)

Harry's prediction regarding Snape had been proven accurate. The man now occupied the area of wall next to the only window in Harry's office. Harry had only gone through the first thirty five people and Snape already had a hundred and twenty seven complaints against him.

Originally Harry had planned collect all the complaints against Snape and file a report based on them which could be used to aid getting him thrown out of the castle for good. If things kept going the way they were Harry could probably save himself a lot of trouble and not right the report at all. Simply showing the Board of Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority the sheer number of complaints against the man would probably end up being enough to get him thrown out.

Harry rounded a corner and could not help but smile slightly as he thought "Speak of the devil and he shall appear…"

Severus Snape was marching along the corridor, his black robes billowing about him as his long greasy hair remained motionless.

Strange that.

The potions master stopped suddenly, his cold black eyes having just landed on Harry.

Harry stood his ground. This was it, the moment of truth. Would Snape obey the rules of the restraining order that Harry had gotten against him, or would the petty and vindictive man be unable to hold his tongue? They were, after all, alone in the corridor. If Snape said something and Harry complained, there was not one to back him up.

Snape's eyes narrowed, but Harry remained firm. He tightened his occlumency shields as a precaution, but felt to attempt to read his thoughts.

Finally Snape forced his gaze away from Harry and continued on, sweeping right by the bespectacled fifteen year old boy without another look.

Harry watched the man disappear around the opposite corner and smirked. Apparently you could teach and old dog new tricks.

But for how long?



* * *



So far the meeting with the Hogwarts Governors and the Wizarding Examinations Authority had gone well. They had patiently waited as Sarah had revealed hers and Harry's suspicions about Cho Chang, and both groups had approved of the planned course of action.

In fact, in order to maintain at least some of Hogwarts' reputation, Augusta Longbottom had volunteered her time so as to accompany Amelia when she met with the Chang family.

The direction of the meeting changed when Griselda Marchbanks pulled out several rolls of parchment.

"These arrived yesterday evening," she announced. She held up the largest roll of parchment and continued "This is the first of Dolores Umbridge's weekly reports on the situation of our school. I took the liberty of perusing through it all last night and to put it mildly, things are bleak within the castle.

"The other rolls of parchment contain the scores of the various tests that she has conducted with every student who takes History of Magic Class. The results are shocking to say the least, but they do, in general, correspond with what we have been seeing for years. Students are leaving Hogwarts with a far less than satisfactory education in the History of Magic."

Amelia had taken one of the smaller rolls of parchment in order to have a look "Good gracious, look at these! Nine out of thirty, seven out of thirty… eleven out of thirty… two… three… ten… zero?"

"That's not the only one to have gotten such a score, I can assure you," said Madam Marchbanks.

"It seems that we really need to tighten up the History class then," observed Augusta.

"Not just History, I am afraid," said Professor Tofty "Although the test was mainly about History, there are more than a few questions that could have come up on a test for another subject. For example, question twelve of the paper presented to the fifth year students asked what was banned by the Ministry 1965. The answer is of course the experimental breeding of magical creatures, and this should be known by any student who took Care of Magical Creatures in their third year, but most got this question wrong."

"There were several other questions relating to past events that really should be learned in Care of Magical Creatures," said Madam Marchbanks "along with several that ought to be taught in Defence Against the Dark Arts. We chose to weave in questions from those two subjects as they are our biggest problem areas. The results do not look promising."

"So what does all this suggest?" asked Leopold Jones, one of Governors.

"It suggests that too much stock is put into the practical part of the assessment at exam time," replied Madam Marchbanks "Students to not have a solid grasp of the how and why of things, and yet a decent performance during the practical part can cover this up when the overall score is tallied."

"What do you propose our next step to be?" asked Augusta.

"For now we do nothing," said Madam Marchbanks "We are currently putting together another test for Madam Umbridge to administer towards the end of October. This one will be like the last in that it delves slightly into other fields, but this time we will aim to incorporate Charms, Transfiguration and Potions into the mix instead of Defence Against the Dark Arts and Care of Magical Creatures. Once we have the results of that test, we will be able to accurately decide upon our next course of action."

Everyone agreed.



* * *



Harry walked back along the corridor towards his quarters. Through the windows on his left, the last rays of the sun could be seen as it vanished behind the mountaintops.

He had been bad.

It had been his full intention to go down to the Great Hall, grab a sandwich and a goblet of pumpkin juice and head straight back to his quarters to carry on with his work.

Things had not worked out that way…

Flashback.

"There you are," said Hannah loudly, upon spotting him.

"He I am," replied Harry as he approached the Hufflepuff table.

"Where have you been all morning?" asked Susan.

"I've been working," replied Harry as he began assembling a corned beef sandwich "I've got all your complaints in little boxes and now I have to spend my Saturday sorting through it all."

"You should take a break Harry," said Ernie.

"Yeah," agreed Justin "you've been running about all week. Take an afternoon off."

"Sorry, can't," replied Harry before taking a bite out of his sandwich. He swallowed it, downed half a goblet of pumpkin juice and then said "Well, gotta go!"

"Wait!" exclaimed Hannah as she stood up and grabbed him by the arm.

"What?" asked Harry in mock exasperation.

"Come outside with us." said Hannah.

Harry shook his head "No can do, I'm afraid. I've got lots to be getting on with."

"Oh, come on Harry," said Megan "Join us outside."

"Yeah, come on," said Susan as she stood up and picked up her plate which contained a tuna salad sandwich "we'll take our food outside and eat it down by the lake."

"Sounds wonderful, but I really can't," replied Harry.

"You know, Harry," said Ernie "this could be one of the last sunny Saturdays of the year, especially as we are up in Scotland, and you're going to waste it sitting inside?"

"I'm wasting anything," said Harry "I'm trying to help make the Hogwarts experience better for everyone."

"You could make it better for us by joining us for the afternoon," said Lilith.

Harry opened his mouth to argue, but words wouldn't come out. He had eight Hufflepuffs all looking at him, their faces begging him to join them.

In the end he relented, saying "Fine, but only for an hour. I really do need to get my work done."

The group of Hufflepuffs cheered and Susan and Hannah dragged him out into the sunlight.

End Flashback.

Harry had truthfully only meant to stay for the hour. However, sitting there in the sun, watching the water on the surface of the lake ripping in the cool-yet-pleasant breeze and just hanging out with Susan, Hannah, Ernie, Justin, Megan, Lilith, Sally-Anne and Wayne had caused one hour to turn into two.

Then they had been joined by a couple of older Hufflepuffs, the Sixth Year Prefects Eric Summerby and Heidi Macavoy and their friends Leanne Simmons, Eloise Midgen, Timothy Stebbins and Herbert Fleet. Shortly after that they had been joined by a few sixth year Gryffindors, including Katie Bell, Kiera Wood (Oliver's younger cousin), Jack Sloper, Andrew Kirke and the two prefects Bianca Dunstan and Geoffrey Hooper.

Four hours had now gone.

Then Hannah had spotted Padma and her friends Lisa Turpin and Su Li. The blond Hufflepuff had shouted out to them and gotten the trio to join them as well. A space had quickly cleared next to Harry for Padma to sit down in, something that had resulted in plenty of good-natured ribbing directed at Harry, especially from Hannah.

Harry had gotten his revenge on her when he spotted Neville on his own. Recalling a certain piece of trivia that he had learned over the summer holidays, Harry had feigned the need to use the toilet and escaped the group to get to Neville. The boy wasn't on his own due to being shunned. Instead he was opting to use his free time to study a few of the magical water-plants that were growing in the shallows of the lake rather than endure a chess match with Ron up in the common room.

After a bit of persuasion on Harry's part, Neville had agreed to join the group for a bit and Harry led him over, calling out loudly "Look who I found!"

Everyone greeted Neville, and the shy boy blushed furiously at receiving such a welcome. Harry gave Susan a rather pointed look and the red-head had understood immediately. She had whispered for Lilith and Sally-Anne to move up and they did so with Susan following.

"There you go Neville," said Harry, manoeuvring the shy lion through the group "You sit there and just enjoy yourself."

Job done, Harry had sat back down next to Padma before chancing a glance back towards Neville and Hannah. Neville was staring determinedly at the floor, his face flushed. Hannah meanwhile was glaring daggers at Harry, though the effect was ruined by the pink hue that was rapidly growing more vivid on her cheeks.

Harry had just given her a roguish grin before turning his attention to Padma and Lisa.

Before Harry knew it, the sun had begun to dip down behind the mountains and the pleasantly cool breeze had become icy. As they all began to get to their feet, Harry had examined his watch and seen the time. It was five minutes to eight in the evening. What was supposed to have been an hour spent outside in the sun had extended to almost seven and a half hours.

Harry knew that he ought to feel bad for neglecting his work, but in all honesty he didn't. After all, he had just been through a hectic week and he deserved the afternoon off. Especially when that afternoon was spent sitting in the sun, in the company of friends with one arm around the shoulders of his new girlfriend.

And anyway, it was only three minutes past eight now anyway. If he stayed up until eleven he could still get in three hours' worth work, maybe three and a half if he pulled his finger out and got a move on.

However, as he had approached the door to his quarters, Harry was becoming slowly more aware that something did not seem right.

In fact several things did not seem right.

Despite the time of day the corridors were deserted. There was another hour and a half until curfew, and yet there were no students milling about as they usually did.

He paused and looked around. For some strange reason, none of the portraits in the corridor were moving. He approached one and examined it closely. The three hags contained within seemed to have stopped moving right in the middle of shouting at someone. The next one contained a balding man with a thick white moustache who held his walking stick in a raised position, as though he had been threatening someone with it when he was frozen.

The other portraits were the same, clearly shouting, gesturing aggressively, facing the same way (along the corridor in the direction that Harry had just come from), and all mysteriously unmoving and silent.

Harry drew his wand and looked around. There did not appear to be anyone in the corridor besides himself.

Cautiously he made his way along the rest of the corridor and came to the suit of armour which stood on guard outside the door to his rooms.

The guard's helmet was dented and his axe was missing but beyond that he seemed fine.

Harry whispered the password and the suit of armour stepped aside and opened the door for Harry, who could not help but notice that his guard was limping.

Obviously someone had tried to force their way into his quarters, though it was unlikely that they had been successful. Fortunately there was a fireplace in his living room that was connected to the floo network. He would give Madam Bones a call and alert her of the situation.

He stepped through the door and into his office. Inside everything seemed fine. The desk was in order, the suggestion boxes were as he left them and the parchment stuck to the wall at the back was all still there.

He made his way over to the door that led to the living room and pushed it open. The living room seemed fine as well and he checked both the bathroom and the bedroom before returning there.

It didn't seem like anyone had gotten inside, but he still thought it best to inform Madam Bones that someone had quite clearly made the attempt.

He made his way over to the fireplace and pocketed his wand before reaching for the small clay pot sitting on the mantel piece that contained his supply of floo powder.

A split second later a spell hit him square in the back. The impact forced the air out of his lungs and his eyes lost all focus.

He hit the floor with a thud, and the clay pot of floo powder smashed apart beside him.

Harry Potter lay spread-eagled, face down on the rug in front of the fire place, out cold.



* * *



Dun-dun-duuuun!

How's that for a cliff-hanger, huh? I've done several cliff-hangers in the past, but this might be the first time I've done one like this, at least in a while!

Before anyone complains about Harry's current thoughts towards Hermione, let me just say that several reviewers pointed out that Harry just cut her off with no real emotional ramifications being explored. To them I point out that despite the number of chapters that have passed, it has been less than a week since Harry tore into her on the Express and also this is really the first time that Harry has had much time to really think about the situation, apart from that trip to the owlery. Of course he is going to miss her, and now that the possibility is in his mind he is, of course, going to hope that her actions were due to potions. She was the one person to stick with him through fourth year and it's hard to let a friendship like that go, no matter what happened.

Anyway, I hope that you enjoyed this update. If you really want to read more of my stuff then allow me to shamelessly plug "Harry from Another World" which is my other main WIP for the Harry Potter fandom. If you haven't read it, I'll just say that it contains travel between two universes, a vengeful, warlord Harry, a telepathic Hermione, a wolf-werewolf hybrid-riding Lavender wielding an axe and Susan who punches manipulative old men and knocks the heads off of Inferi with a massive hammer. What more could you want?





*Chapter 24*: The Best Laid Plans of Albus Dumbledore1


			Ok, so the cliff-hanger at the end of the previous chapter certainly got the response it deserved!

As such I have decided to not leave you hanging for too long and am adding a quick update.

One thing that I am often asked is "How often do you update?" and the answer to that is "Whenever it is ready." I feel that trying to work to a deadline stifles my work and often the result seems poor in comparison to my other work. That said I do try to make it a habit to upload "something" at least once a week. Whether this is an update to a story or a one-shot or even the beginning of a new story is always up in the air as I usually sit down to write one thing and end up working on another.

If this annoys you, I can only apologise, but I'm not about to stifle myself with a schedule.

Anyway, on with the show! Enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 24: The Best Laid Plans of Albus Dumbledore: Part 1

It was late in the evening on Saturday and Albus Dumbledore was sitting in his office writing a letter.

Over in the corner of the room the fireplace was crackling away merrily, producing the only sound in the room besides that of the soft scratching sounds of a quill on parchment.

Fawkes the Phoenix was sitting on his perch, watching Dumbledore with an air of disappointment. The bird let out a mournful trill before tucking his head under his wing, deciding to sleep through these disturbing times.

The Sorting Hat watched this from his position on one of the many shelves found in the office. The folds that seemed to resemble eye sockets appeared to close and the point of the hat, which was bending forwards due to age, shook from side to side in a way that any onlookers might have likened to the shaking of one's head.

The hat turned its gaze towards Dumbledore, who was bent low over the desk as he wrote.

Actually, to say that Dumbledore was writing is not entirely true as the quill that was doing the writing was not in his hand.

The quill was, by all appearances, a standard dictation quill, the kind of thing ministry officials might use when thinking out loud or attempting to record a conversation without having to stop every few seconds to make notes. Dictation quills, like blood quills, were banned in Hogwarts as it was felt that the students would learn better by actively taking their own notes.

Dumbledore's quill was not a standard dictation quill. Oh, it was writing by itself but it had a very special modification on it. This quill was enchanted to write in whatever style it was told to, thus mimicking someone's handwriting without their knowledge.

A few minutes ago the quill had been placed onto a piece of transfiguration homework that Harry Potter had submitted at some point during the week. The quill had then glided over the work, examining every individual letter and punctuation mark, learning this style of writing.

The letter that Dumbledore was now dictating to the quill was being written Harry Potter's own handwriting. Even one of the Wizarding Examination Authority's anti-cheating enchantments would have picked up on the difference.

The quill was one of Dumbledore's own personal inventions. Usually he used it to forge signatures and the like, but every so often it came in handy for situations such as this one.

All week Dumbledore had been delivered one blow after another. First the Ministry had dared to interfere at Hogwarts and then they along with the Board of Governors had called him out on a few of his actions. Snape had been demoted from his position as Head of Slytherin and was now on probation. Hogwarts, its teachers and its prefects were now being held to standards that Dumbledore did not approve of.

Worst of all, after disappearing for the last few weeks of the summer, Harry Potter had returned with a new position and a new attitude that threatened to seriously undermine the status quo amongst the students.

And to cap it all off, Sarah Abbott was back in the boy's life, influencing him and teaching him potions.

Something needed to be done and tonight that something was happening. Having assigned what few members of the Order of the Phoenix there were to various tasks, Dumbledore had retreated to his office so as to avoid the risk of being caught himself should anything go wrong, as well as to deal with this letter.

A virtually unknown thing about Hogwarts was that in amongst all the wards designed to keep the castle hidden from the muggle world there was a ward that was designed to re-direct owls. Not all owls, of course, but just owls coming from various places and to various students.

Normally a re-direct was placed at the request of a parent, usually to prevent a relative from contacting a student whilst they were at Hogwarts. Dumbledore, however, was not above using this for his own ends.

Every letter that was ever sent to Harry Potter had first been re-directed to a secret location so that Dumbledore could personally check through the letter's contents before he allowed it to be sent on. If anyone ever found out, he could justify it as protecting Harry from hate-mail from Voldemort's supporters but in reality it was a way of keeping Mr Potter from receiving outside influence.

A letter addressed to Harry Potter that bore the wax seal of Gringotts' Wizarding Bank certainly set off alarm bells when it had arrived that morning. Usually Harry only got letters from Gringotts at the end of the month in the form of a regular statement about the status of his assets. They did not usually contact him a week into the month.

Upon checking up on the records that he kept regarding Harry's Gringotts accounts, Dumbledore had realised that the statement for the month of August had not arrived. Hoping that there had simply been a delay, Dumbledore opened the envelope and began reading the letter contained within.

The letter only confirmed his worst fears. During his time away from Dumbledore's influence, Harry had apparently contacted Gringotts in order to ask about certain discrepancies, including the fact that he did not receive his monthly statements.

The letter was a follow up letter to a previous one, one that Dumbledore certainly had not seen, asking if Harry had had time to consider the information that they had sent to him and asking whether or not he wanted the bank to take any further action. That Dumbledore had not received this information, whatever it was, meant that Harry had gotten it.

This was a potential catastrophe that Dumbledore needed to put right at once. Hence the special quill.

A knock on the door interrupted Dumbledore in his work and he cancelled the enchantment on the quill and set it aside as one of the silver instruments sitting on the nearest of the spindle-legged tables emitted a burst of white smoke which quickly formed the word "MOODY" before dissipating into thin air.

"Come in Alastor!" Dumbledore called out.

The office door swung open and the battle-worn form of Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody stomped into the room.

"One of these days I'm going to figure out how you do that Albus," the former Auror said in a growl as the door stung shut behind him.

"You, Minerva, Severus, Filius and everyone else," replied Dumbledore with a chuckle "So, how did it go?"

"I got him," said Moody "Poppy's working on the lad now."

"Might I inquire as to how you got into that room?" asked Dumbledore "Did you guess the password?"

Moody shook his head "Didn't need to. I just waited in the corridor under my invisibility cloak and waited for the lad to turn up. He let me in himself without realising it."

"I'm surprised that Severus had the patience to go along with that."

"He didn't. He lost his temper trying to guess the password and took it out on the suit of armour that guards the door. In the end I had to send him away. The portraits were shouting abuse after him and I had to freeze them in order to shut them up. That nearly blew it. Potter noticed something was wrong when he arrived and took out his wand. He also noticed something wrong with the suit of armour. I think I forgot to give it an axe after Severus destroyed the one it had."

"He still went inside?" asked Dumbledore, sounding surprised "Well, he is only fifteen I suppose."

Left unsaid was that that sort of incautious behaviour was exactly what Dumbledore wanted the boy to display.

"I'll give him credit though," said Moody "He kept his wand up at all times and searched all his rooms for signs of disturbance. Only one he had checked to make sure that he was alone did he attempt to use the floo network."

This surprised Dumbledore "He still tried to use the floo even after finding nothing in his rooms?"

Moody gave a nod of his head "Aye, he still tried to use the floo. I tell ya Albus, that kid is smarter than you give him credit for."

Dumbledore nodded thoughtfully. It seemed that Harry wasn't quite as incautious as he would have liked. Finally he said "Well, at least we have him. Did you destroy the complaints from the students?"

"Every last one and the boxes they came in," replied Moody "There were quite a few against Snape, mind you. You really ought to rein him in a little more Albus."

Dumbledore ignored this comment and instead asked "What about evidence? Did you find much?"

Moody reached into the front of his tattered leather jacket and pulled out a stack of parchments which he set down on Dumbledore's desk "Statements from Gringotts for every month dating back to November 1981, a listing of all Potter family investments and properties, a written apology from the Director of Gringotts himself and a promise to do an internal investigation of the situation whilst Harry works through the paperwork, all your worst fears in one nice, neat little bundle. I found it at the bottom of his trunk, hidden by a notice-me-not charm."

Dumbledore began riffling through the stack of parchment, the seriousness of the situation becoming steadily more dire with every sheet that he glanced at.

Moody placed a gnarled hand on top of the parchment to stop Dumbledore's riffling. When the Headmaster looked up at him, Moody held out his other hand. In it were the wrappings that had been required in order to deliver such a large amount of parchment.

"See that name?" the ex-Auror asked.

Dumbledore peered at the address and saw that the parcel had, in fact, been delivered to Amelia Bones rather than Harry.

"The Ministry know about this, Albus," growled Moody "The Department of Magical Law Enforcement is likely to be conducting their own investigations as we speak."

Dumbledore pinched the bridge of his nose in frustration. The situation was clearly more out of hand that he had assumed.

At length he asked "Was there anything else in the way of evidence?"

"Not particularly," replied Moody "Just these."

He took out another two sheets of parchment and placed them on the desk. Dumbledore looked them over and saw that the first one was only the contract that the Ministry had given to Harry when he had agreed to take on the role of Student Advisor and the second one was a copy of Educational Decree Number 25. In other words, nothing that Dumbledore didn't already know.

He looked up as Moody and said "Send word to Kingsley. Get him to see what he can find out about this." He gestured to the large stack of parchment that had come from Gringotts.

Moody nodded and stood up saying "I'll catch him in Diagon Alley. He should still be on patrol as he doesn't get off shift until midnight."

The aged Headmaster nodded his head and asked "What of the map and the cloak?"

Moody took both the Marauders' Map and the invisibility cloak of of his pocket and placed them on the table.

It was a shame to do it, but with Harry acting out, it was currently not in anyone's best interests for him to be able to sneak about the castle easily.

"Have Sirius send me the activation password for the map," said Dumbledore.

Moody nodded and, knowing that he was dismissed, he got up and stomped out of the office.

Dumbledore remained sitting at his desk for quite a while after this, making no effort to continue forging a letter to Gringotts.

It seemed that he might now have proof of where young Mr Potter had spent the last few weeks of the summer holidays. His choices were between two families, either Harry stayed with the Amelia Bones and her niece Susan and got to know Sarah Abbott that way or he stayed with Sarah and her daughter Hannah and he remained in contact with Amelia following his trial.

Something needed to be done about this. He needed to deter the Department of Magical Law Enforcement from finding out just what was going on with the Potter accounts at Gringotts. He also needed a way to make all of that evidence disappear.

Thankfully he had his spies and, if things played out the way that they were meant to, there would soon be enough pandemonium at the Ministry that one of those spies could slip in and dispose of that evidence.

He opened a drawer on his desk and took out a bowl of sherbet lemons. He helped himself to two of them, popped them into his mouth and placed the bowl back into the drawer. Those were his private stash. The ones on the desk which he offered to visitors were laced with a few mild potions that calmed nerves and made people more accepting to what they were told.

At the moment Severus was brewing two rather large cauldrons full of the latter potion. So long as the timing was right, the potion would be distributed with breakfast the following morning, allowing people to simply accept what they would otherwise see as a large attitude shift in Harry Potter.

Having been stunned in his quarters Harry would have been taken to the Hospital Wing where Madam Pomfrey was. There the matron would examine the boy for all controlling potions before adding ones of their own to his system. Following that Dumbledore himself would provide the appropriate memory modification spells to ensure that Mr Potter would be back to where he as needed to be, pliable, unquestioning and listening to only one voice – Dumbledore's.

A small part of him hated to do this, but people were just so bad at doing what they were told that he had to resort to extreme measures such as these.

Dumbledore was of the opinion that people, in general, were pretty poor when it came to making their own decisions, especially the big decisions. Given half the chance people would squander their gifts and fade away into obscurity.

People needed to be guided, to be told what they should do, be told what was right and what was wrong. They needed to be guided, cajoled and, yes, even outright manipulated into doing what they should be doing if the magical world had any chance of remaining stable.

Gellert Grindelwald had helped him to see this. Back then of course, Dumbledore's opinion had been that the wizards should be on top of the pile, leading the muggles about as required. Magic gave them superiority over the muggles, and the muggles ought to be made to respect that superiority rather than live in ignorance as the wizards hid themselves away.

Not now though. Since then Dumbledore had realised that Muggles and Wizards were simply better off staying away from each other. But he still held that those who were powerful magically should lead the rest and that the rest should follow unquestioningly.

It was not through war that you gain that power but through influence, and defeating Gellert Grindelwald in battle had certainly given Dumbledore influence in spades. Slowly through the years Dumbledore had extended his influence, claiming the titles of Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards before finally securing the position of Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

And with all that influence, Dumbledore had slowly nudged the world closer to his view of it. He did not need the title of Minister for Magic because they ultimately came to him, seeking his advice on every matter. His influence on the Wizengamot was strong, with only a few ready to reject his counsel. And, most importantly, he had the Order of the Phoenix to help him tighten his grip on his power. The Order was made up with people who either did not know how to say "no" to him, like Molly and Arthur Weasley and Remus Lupin, or who knew better than to do so, like Moody, Minerva and Poppy Pomfrey.

Two decades ago, the Wizarding World had been in the grip of war against Lord Voldemort. This had played very nicely into Dumbledore's hands for Tom Riddle, who had always seen Hogwarts Castle as the only true home that he had ever know, had never attacked the place. This had made it very easy to both begin and promote the rumour that Voldemort feared Dumbledore, something that only served increase his influence of many of those who attended the school at that time and now it was their students who were coming into the castle, a whole generation who had been raised to believe that Albus Dumbledore was infallible.

Of course, playing modest only made that image all the stronger.

There were, however, those who ventured outside of Dumbledore's influence. The traditionally dark families would oppose him whenever they thought that they could get away with it, though most had kept quiet between Voldemort's downfall and his rebirth.

But there were two other groups who caused him problems. The first were the Muggleborns. They were the ones who saw the injustices in the Wizarding World for what they were and realise that Dumbledore was not all he was made out to be. If they were not swayed by the notion that Dumbledore was the champion of Muggles and Muggleborns, most would eventually leave. The ones who remained could normally be kept quiet, learning that their opinions did not matter. Some could not be silenced. Some gained influence.

Sarah Abbott fell into that group, having married into the influential Abbott family, an ancient, light sided family who nonetheless did not buy into Dumbledore's way of looking at things. She also became a well-respected Healer for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and obtained mastery in potions.

She was also a friend of Amelia Bones, who fell into the other group to cause him problems. That group consisted of people who simply refused to buy into the Dumbledore mythos. Usually these people were of an older generation who were not friends with him at school or they were people like Amelia, who had lost family in the war with Voldemort and were not entirely convinced that Dumbledore had done all that he could to end the war sooner.

These people were the wild cards whom needed to be silenced, either through manipulation or removing them outright.

For years Sarah Abbott had been kept quiet by a Wizengamot ruling that Dumbledore had helped to push through. Amelia was kept quiet because she had no evidence.

Now things were slipping out of Dumbledore's grasp at the worst possible time. The Ministry was refusing to believe that Voldemort had returned and, in their desperation to discredit him, they were turning Hogwarts on its head and the Governors were allowing it. Amelia Bones was obviously collecting evidence against him and people were starting to ask questions that Dumbledore did not want answered.

Sarah Abbott had found a loophole in the Wizengamot ruling, allowing her to contact Harry, causing the boy to slip slowly out of Dumbledore's sphere of influence and was now giving the students a voice, something that the Ministry and the Board of Governors were using to bring down the Headmaster of Hogwarts and all that he had worked so long and hard to establish.

Tonight, however, would be the night that the Headmaster reclaimed his school and, before long, the Ministry would fall into line as well.

Voldemort may be keeping a low profile, but that did not mean someone else could draw attention to him.

Severus' task for tonight was to ensure that the students of Hogwarts would not be asking questions. Tomorrow night he would be committing murder, all in the name of the Greater Good, of course.



* * *



Harry Potter awoke in a bed that was not even slightly familiar to him. It was not small and lumpy, so that ruled out both the cupboard under the stairs and Dudley's second bedroom at Privet Drive. The sheets were not white and the blanket was not grey, so that ruled out the Hospital Wing. And the hangings were not dark red trimmed with gold, ruling out Gryffindor Tower.

He flung the covers back, swung his feet out of the bed and sat up.

His head really hurt. He reached out and groped blindly for a few moments before his hand found his glasses. He grasped them and shoved them onto his face before looking around blearily.

He did not recognise the room at all, despite having spent the last seven nights sleeping there.

His eyes landed upon a small ampoule sitting on his bedside table. It contained a green coloured liquid, and a hastily scribbled note next to it red "For the headache."

Harry found this rather strange, but a particularly nasty throb in the left of his temple had him snatching up the bottle and unthinkingly downing the contents.

His headache disappeared instantly, along with any thought regarding how odd his current situation seemed.

He got off the bed and made his way to the bathroom. That he found it too easily for someone who could not recall ever being there before never entered his mind.

After showering and brushing his teeth he returned to the bedroom and located his trunk, again not noticing that he found it too quickly for someone who could not recall being there before.

He dressed, made his way into the front room and headed for the door, completely missing that the suggestion boxes had disappeared from his desk and that the wall behind the desk was as blank as it had been two days before.

He made his way down to the Great Hall for breakfast.

Harry's pattern for where he ate his meals was now well established, meaning that everyone who had been paying the slightest bit of attention over the past week knew that Harry was due to have breakfast with the Slytherins that morning. So, when Harry sat down with the Gryffindors, some people should have been slightly concerned.

However, many of those in the Great Hall had already ingested some form of food or drink and with it some of Snape's special brew.

That Harry then began to talk to Ronald Weasley as if they were still the best of friends should have sent even more alarm bells ringing, but the potion kept on working its magic.

Hermione entered the Great Hall. The last week had been a miserable one for her. Harry had taken exception to her doing as Dumbledore had asked her over the holidays and now wasn't talking to her. With Harry not talking to her she was suddenly a social pariah again and she was feeling about as low as she had been back in first year, shortly before that Mountain Troll had stomped into the girls' bathroom and begun swinging its club at her.

So it did come as a surprise to her when, moments after sitting down next to a gossiping Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, Harry looked up from his seat directly opposite her and said, quite friendlily "Good morning Hermione."

She blinked at him, wondering what on earth was going on. It appeared that he had decided to simply forgive and forget, but something about that did not sit right with her.

In a voice that she had barely used all week she replied "Good morning Harry."

He smiled at her and turned back to his conversation with Ron and Seamus.

Things really did look like they were back to normal, but why? It didn't make any sense to her that Harry would suddenly want to be her friend again.

She wanted to question him about this sudden change, but decided to pour herself a goblet of pumpkin juice first.

Once her goblet was full, she raised it to her lips, took a refreshing drink and completely forgot about her question for Harry.



* * *



From his golden seat in the centre of the staff table, Dumbledore was watching the morning's events with a smile on his face. Alone or in groups of twos and threes and fours the students of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry had entered the Great Hall and taken their seats at the correct House Tables and begun to eat their breakfasts without question, unknowingly ingesting the potion that would drive all questions from their mind and completely forget about their complaints.

Dumbledore regretted slightly that he had been forced to potion Miss Granger this time. Before now he had been able to cajole her into doing his bidding by playing upon her two biggest weaknesses, admiration for authority figures and her concern about Harry's safety (the Tri-wizard tournament and its aftermath made this last one an especially easy way to manipulate her into doing his bidding.)

However this time Dumbledore could afford to take absolutely no chances. Harry had been to different this past week for Miss Granger to not notice the sudden change in him, far less accept it, even if Dumbledore told her it was in his best interests. Added to that she, like everyone else, knew about the complaint boxes and like everyone else, with the exception of Ronald Weasley and Draco Malfoy, she had contributed to the complaints with one of her own. That needed to leave her mind.

Mr Potter entering the Hall was the moment of truth. That he happily sat down next to Ronald Weasley and began chatting with the boy as though they were still best friends proved to Dumbledore that his plan had worked. He watched just long enough to ensure that Miss Granger took in a dose of the potion and then turned his attentions elsewhere. Severus wanted to know when he was going to get his position as Head of Slytherin back and Minerva wanted to know what they were going to do with Dolores Umbridge, who was currently in an enchanted sleep in a bed behind a screen in the Hospital Wing.

Turning to talk with them meant that he missed several very important and very similar things occur almost simultaneously.



* * *



"Good morning Harry," said Katie as she took a seat next to him.

Harry turned to her and replied "Morning Katie."

"Good morning Harry," echoed Bianca as she sat down next to Katie.

"Good morning," Harry replied, though in a tone of voice and an expression on his face that suggested that the sixth year prefect addressing him had taken him by surprise.

"That's weird," muttered Bianca to Katie as Harry turned back to talk to Ron "It's like he doesn't know me."

While it was true that before this year Harry and Bianca had barely said one word to each other, since the prefects' meeting on the Hogwarts Express a week ago friendship had begun to blossom between them.

Katie gave Harry an enquiring look before turning back to Bianca and whispering "Why is he talking to Ron?"

"Dunno," replied Bianca "I thought they had fallen out."

"They had," said Katie "Hang on… Harry's supposed to be eating with the Slytherins this morning. Remember, we were poking fun at him yesterday for it."

"Hey, yeah!" replied Bianca "Something's wrong."

Katie frowned and then took out her wand. Surreptitiously she cast a few of the spells that Harry had shown them at the start of term feast and next to her Bianca did the same. Everything showed up as being laced with some kind of potion.

"Morning girls!" said a bright voice.

Bianca looked to her left and saw that her fellow prefect Geoffrey Hooper had joined them. He grabbed a fork and speared a sausage onto the end of it. Bianca stretched out her hand and grabbed his wrist. He gave her an enquiring look to which she gave a slow shake of her head.

He was about to ask what was going on when Katie gave a furtive nod towards the person sitting beside her. Geoffrey looked past her and spotted Harry. Just as he was about to ask "So?" the reality of the situation sunk in. Harry Potter was talking to Ronald Weasley again.

In a low voice he asked "What's laced?"

"Everything," Bianca whispered back.

"Look," said Katie in a low murmur, nodding towards the Hufflepuff table.

The other two looked up and saw Susan Bones, Hannah Abbott, Ernie MacMillan and Justin Finch-Fletchley getting up and leaving the Great Hall. A few moments later Wayne Hopkins, Sally Anne-Perks and Lilith Moon followed them.

"Come on," whispered Katie and the three sixth year Gryffindors stood up and walked out of the Great Hall, doing their best to look as inconspicuous as possible.



* * *



Pansy Parkinson, like Hermione Granger, had been having a rough week. Her world was being turned upside down and she was struggling to remain upright. The prefects were now answerable to Harry Potter and if he found them lacking he could strip them of their badges. Draco had already lost his and it looked like he might be out of Hogwarts for good if he kept up his act. If she didn't change her ways, Pansy was sure that she would follow. She already had one strike against her as it was.

Professor Snape was no longer there to protect the Slytherin way of life. He had been called out on his behaviour by people who actually had the power to do something about it and he had subsequently been demoted from his position as Head of Slytherin. Professor Sinistra seemed to be a sure fire bet to replace him and while she certainly was an alumnus of Slytherin House (Pansy had checked) she did not seem like the type to let her students get away with bullying others.

Pansy's own standing within the house had taken a hammering this past week, not only through her earning a strike against her position as prefect but also through her relationship with Draco, someone who was seriously risking Harry Potter's full wrath being brought down upon Slytherin House.

Up until this year, life in Slytherin House had been ruled by a simple structure. Each year had a dominant boy and girl whom the others treated as their leader. There were, of course, leaders of the leaders whom everyone answered to and thus the status quo was maintained.

In first year Pansy had been quick to establish herself as the dominant girl amongst her dorm mates and Draco had done the same amongst the boys. They had different set-ups however.

Draco had Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle as his two goons. He put the mudbloods and blood traitors in their place and if any of them thought of fighting back, Crabbe and Goyle were there to get them to think again. Theodore Nott and Blaise Zabini were backup for when Malfoy needed to put on a real show of strength.

Pansy on the other hand had all of the girls with her all of the time. She would taunt and tease and the others broke down in sycophantic laughter. If things got a bit out of hand, Millicent Bulstrode was there to look intimidating and Daphne Greengrass, who was effectively Pansy's second in command, was there to keep the girls in check.

Now there had been a power shift. In the very year that Draco and Pansy had become prefects, thus securing their right to rule, everything had gone awry. With Draco out of the castle, the boys were leaderless. Nott and Zabini were vying for the position but neither had the support of their year-mates. Crabbe and Goyle were simply lost without Draco around to tell them what to do.

It had been thought that the selection of the prefect to replace Draco would sort out whether it was Blaise or Theo who became the new leader of the boys, but then Potter and Sinistra had gone and awarded the badge to Daphne!

The coup was then complete. Without Draco around, Pansy suddenly didn't have quite as much support as she had thought and the strike against her had left her in a precarious position. Last night the balance of power had shifted completely.

She had always known that Daphne could have seized the title of Queen Snake if she had wanted it, so Pansy had always sought to keep the girl sweet, making her second in command and keeping Draco away from her half-blood friend Tracey Davis.

With the prefects badge pinned to his front, Draco's arrogance had increased tenfold (and Pansy was prepared to admit that hers had as well) and he had gone after both Tracey and Daphne's younger sister Astoria on the Hogwarts Express with Pansy stupidly backing him up.

They had been caught and punished for their actions whilst the three girls were now getting noticed by Potter. While Pansy had elected to keep her head down and Draco had bigheadedly dug his hole deeper and deeper, Daphne and her friends had used the mealtimes that Potter sat at the Slytherin table to get into his good books.

The badge on front of Daphne's robes had been the straw that broke the camel's back. Pansy had been dethroned and Daphne had taken the crown for her own, leaving the former Serpent Queen feeling like nothing more than the court jester.

Now she was following along meekly in the shadow of Daphne, Tracey and Astoria. That she had a badge gave her some power still, but Pansy knew how things now stood. She answered to Daphne and Daphne alone could protect her. Over the years Pansy had made a lot of enemies, both within Slytherin and without. If she was going to survive she needed to stay in Daphne's good books because staying in Daphne's good books was the best way to stay in Potter's good books and she really needed to stay in Potter's good books.

So wrapped up in her thoughts was she that she completely failed to notice when the three girls in front of her stopped walking. This had the effect of causing her to walk into Daphne's back with an "Oof" escaping her.

She looked around and realised that they were standing in the Entrance Hall, just at the doors to the Great Hall.

"What's the hold up?" she asked as the smell of bacon and eggs wafted out of the hall and assaulted her nostrils.

Daphne turned and pushed Pansy and the other two away from the door.

"Something's wrong," she whispered once they were all pressed against the wall.

"What?" asked Pansy.

"Harry's eating at the Gryffindor Table." replied Astoria, as though this explained everything.

"And?" prompted Pansy, who completely failed to grasp the significance of that morsel of information.

"He's supposed to be sitting with us at the Slytherin Table this morning," said Tracey.

Pansy still didn't see the problem "So? Maybe he forgot."

"Did he also forget that he had a falling out with Granger and Weasley?" asked Daphne "Because he's in there right now, talking to them as if it's still last year."

"Ok, that does seem a little odd," agreed Pansy. The fact that Harry Potter had fallen out with Hermione Granger and Ron Weasley in a big way was well known throughout the school, though the reason for it was a mystery.

"Maybe they've just patched things up," she suggested "It has been a week."

"Yeah, maybe…" muttered Daphne.

Just then four Hufflepuffs exited the Great Hall.

At the same time Neville Longbottom stepped off the bottom step of the marble staircase and was just about to go into the Great Hall when Hannah Abbott grabbed him by the arm and hissed "You can't go in there Neville!"

He gave her a puzzled look, though one that was hampered somewhat by the blush that was flaring up on his cheeks.

"Why not?" he asked as three more Hufflepuffs and a trio of Gryffindor sixth years exited the Great Hall as well.

Daphne stepped forward and asked "What's going on?"

"Something bad," was all the answer that Hannah gave before leading the group of Hufflepuffs towards the marble staircase.

Neville and the three other Gryffindors followed behind and, after sharing a look between them, Daphne, Tracey and Astoria joined

Pansy hesitated for the briefest of moments and then hurried to catch up.



* * *



"Will somebody please tell us what the hell is going on?" asked Padma Patil.

After leaving the Great Hall the group had only grown in size as the Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors and corralled every student that they passed into following them. Their numbers had swelled to just over forty and now contained, amongst others, Padma, Lisa Turpin, Su Li, Eric Summerby, Roger Davies, Patricia Stimpson, Tamsin Applebee, Kenneth Towler, Jack Sloper, Andrew Kirke, Herbert Fleet, Marcus Belby, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Demelza Robbins, Vicky Frobisher, Stephen Cornfoot, Anthony Goldstein, Kevin Entwhistle, Luna Lovegood, Malcolm Preece, Toby Harper, Jimmy Peakes, Nigel Wolpert, Laura Madley, Eleanor Branstone, Natalie Macdonald, Emma Dobbs and Stewart Ackerly.

Initially the escaping Hufflepuffs had planned on retreating to their common room in order to discuss this latest development and what they should do next, however as their group as increased in size they had needed to rethink their destination. In the end they had settled on classroom 7B, a disused room that was located on the seventh floor, not too far away from the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.

Just like her Aunt had taught her, Susan performed a sweep of the room for monitoring charms before giving an answer.

Finding nothing to worry about she turned and addressed the rest of the group.

"Someone in this castle is up to something. This morning Harry Potter was due to eat breakfast at the Slytherin Table. Instead he sat at the Gryffindor Table where he began talking to Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger as if they were still friends. Neither of them seemed confused by this turn of events and nor did anyone else.

"After checking the food around us, Hannah and I discovered that most, if not all of it to be laced with some kind of potion. Ernie, Justin, Wayne, Lilith and Sally-Anne were the only other Hufflepuffs that we could alert to the problem."

"So you think that someone purposefully changed Harry's behaviour and then attempted to dose the rest of us with a potion that would force us to accept it without question?" asked Marcus Belby.

"We took some samples of the food with us when we left the hall," replied Ernie "But until a test proves otherwise, that is exactly what we think happened."

"So now what?" asked Lisa Turpin.

"Well we brought all of you here to stop you from getting drugged," said Hannah "Susan's going to send the same off to her Aunt with a letter explaining the situation. After that it's probably best that we wait here until help arrives to deal with the problem."

Susan called out for Tippy the House Elf that served the Bones family, but the Elf failed to appear. Slightly perturbed she called out again, but the Elf still did not appear.

"What's going on?" asked Colin.

"It would seem that something is preventing my House Elf from answering my summons," replied Susan.

She called out twice more, but with no better result than her previous attempts.

"Anyone else have a House Elf?" asked Hannah.

Daphne, Roger, Malcolm, Jack, Toby, Marcus, Laura, Neville, Bianca and Ernie all called out for their House Elves but no one got a response. In the end Pansy relented and called too, but had the same result."

"What do we do now?" asked little Natalie Macdonald.

"We could always try an owl," suggested Roger.

Susan shook her head "No, we can't risk someone watching out for owls. Whoever is behind this won't want word of it getting out."

"And who do we think is behind this?" asked Daphne.

Susan and Hannah shared a look before Hannah answered.

"Dumbledore."

That shocked the majority of the group.

It was a long time before anyone spoke again. Finally it was Bianca who broke the silence "You know, if we had a way to get to Hogsmeade, I'm sure we could make use of an owl in the Post Office."

"But even if we get to Hogsmeade we risk being caught there," said Padma.

"You're both technically right," said Katie "If we can get an owl and take it beyond the range of anyone watching, we can get the note through."

"That's all very well and good," said Geoffrey "But how are we supposed to smuggle an owl far enough out of Hogwarts without getting caught?"

Silence fell again until, at last, Neville spoke "Harry has a map that could help us…"



* * *



So how was that? Hope you enjoyed it as it was pretty fun to write, especially the in-depth look at Dumbledore's modus operandi and the behind the scenes look into life in the Slytherin Common Room. Will the gang's plan payoff or will they be caught by the Order? Stay tuned to find out!

Well, the issue with Hermione was finally sorted out, at least for you the readers anyway. Just to clarify, she wasn't on potions but due to the events of this story so far, Dumbledore made the decision to dose her up along with everyone else. If this upsets you, sorry, but that's the way the ball rolls. Whether Harry will ever truly forgive her or not is still up in the air but before that can even happen we've got a long way to go!

Also, I feel the need to mention something. Apparently the dreaded SOPA is becoming an issue again. There is an online petition you can sign against this thing. I'm a bit unsure as to what is going on with it, though it has been suggested to me by another contributor to this site, Frosty Wolf, that the SOPA bill is not currently up for vote, but the petition is more of a pre-emptive thing. This seems to be backed up by the fact that the people behind Wikipedia don't seem to be actively campaigning against it at this moment. I don't really know whether a signature on the petition from someone outside the US really counts, but the site seemed to accept it when I did it. So get over there and sign the petition, especially if you do live in the US.

Here's the link: petitions . whitehouse . gov / petition / stop-sopa-2014/q0Vkk0Zr

Just punch that into your search bar (deleting the spaces) and help out.

Thanks!





*Chapter 25*: The Best Laid Plans of Albus Dumbledore2


			Ok, wow! The last chapter really divided the audience, as it was meant to. Some people loved the twist, but others really hated it, with very little middle-ground.

Some say it was out of character for Harry to drink the potion on his bedside table. To you I suggest you read the chapter again and think what could possibly have caused him to do that.

Some say that Dumbledore was acting out of character. To you I merely direct you attention to the first part of the review left by Corin Wolfkin, who really hit the nail on the head regarding Dumbledore's behaviour.

There was some question about the number of students leaving the hall, but I will point out that only three Gryffindor sixth years and seven Hufflepuff fifth years actually got up and left the hall. Everyone else did not make it to the hall, therefore there was no mass exodus. Also the events took place on a Sunday when there were no classes, allowing for a longer breakfast period, making it more difficult for teachers to notice whether a student did have breakfast or not as they could have come in for ten minutes at any time over a three-hour period.

Also some people have promised to abandon the story should this situation not be solved in this next chapter. Sorry, but I'm not going to rush this for anyone. By no means will I drag it out, but it will go on for as long as needed. I will state here and now that things get worse in this chapter, but it will end on a faint glimmer of hope!

Anyway, on with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 25: The Best Laid Plans of Albus Dumbledore: Part 2

From the last chapter:

It was a long time before anyone spoke again. Finally it was Bianca who broke the silence "You know, if we had a way to get to Hogsmeade, I'm sure we could make use of an owl in the Post Office."

"But even if we get to Hogsmeade we risk being caught there," said Padma.

"You're both technically right," said Katie "If we can get an owl and take it beyond the range of anyone watching, we can get the note through."

"That's all very well and good," said Geoffrey "But how are we supposed to smuggle an owl far enough out of Hogwarts without getting caught?"

Silence fell again until, at last, Neville spoke "Harry has a map that could help us…"



* * *



"A map?" asked Susan "what map?"

"It's some kind of magical map of Hogwarts," replied Neville "I've never really got a good look at it, but I know that Harry usually takes it with him when he is trying to avoid people."

"If he uses it to avoid people then they must show up on the map," commented Tracey.

"I assume so," said Neville "but as I said, I haven't had a good look at the map."

"If it can help us sneak an owl out of Hogwarts then we need to get it," said Hannah "Where does Harry keep this map?"

"Usually in his trunk, I think," answered Neville.

"And Harry's trunk is in his private rooms," added Susan "which is a problem as I, for one, have no idea where those rooms actually are."

"Anyone?" asked Padma.

No one answered.

"Well that's just great." muttered Ernie.

"Looks like we'll have to do this without the map then," said Hannah "Anyone know a way to get out of the castle without being seen?"

"Fred and George might know a way," offered Katie "They're always sneaking off and coming back with bottles of butterbeer and packs of fizzing whizbees. They must get it from somewhere."

"The Weasleys are the biggest bunch of Dumbledore-lovers you'll find anywhere," said Daphne "Are you sure that the twins could be trusted with something like this?"

"We don't have to tell them what's in the letter," replied Katie "Just tell them that it needs to be sent. They'll get a kick out of the challenge."

"I don't know," said Kenneth Towler with a doubtful tone "I'm in the same year as the twins and they don't seem like they're very reliable."

Tamsin Applebee, his year-mate agreed with the sentiment "Fred and George like to have a laugh, but they're not beyond blackmailing people in order to get what they want. What happens if they decide to open the letter before sending it in the hopes that they'll get something good on someone?"

"Do we have any other option?" asked Patricia Stimpson.

"How about we charm the envelope so that only one person can open it?" suggested Roger Davies.

"Now there's a good idea," said Marcus Belby "Susan, if we key it to you then only you or someone related to you can open the letter."

Susan nodded her head and replied "Ok. I'll write the letter. Katie, Bianca, you two go and talk to Fred and George, find out if they're up for a trip outside the castle tonight."

"What if they demand further explanation?" asked Bianca.

"We'll just say that the letter is about women's problems and they'll ask no more," answered Katie

"Oh bloody hell!" exclaimed Roger suddenly "I've just remembered, as Head Boy and Girl, Patricia and I have a meeting with Dumbledore tonight."

"Good," said Hannah "at least we know that Dumbledore will be occupied at that time."

Susan nodded before adding "If we're going to have Fred and George avoid Hogsmeade then we still need to obtain an owl."

"I'll do it," said Neville

"I'll go with you," offered Hannah.

"Just out of interest," said Pansy "why not contact Professor Umbridge? She's reporting to the Ministry, isn't she?"

"True," said Hannah "but you'll have to find out where she is. She wasn't at breakfast."

"Dumbledore's probably making sure she stays out of the way while he carries out his plan," said Bianca.

"Are we certain that Dumbledore is the one behind this?" asked Anthony Goldstein.

"Who else has enough influence in this castle to dose all the students with potions?" asked Padma.

"Dumbledore should be checked for wrackspurts." commented Luna.

"For what?" asked Nigel Wolpert.

"Wrackspurts," replied Luna "They're invisible creatures that float around your head and make your brain go all fuzzy."

No one said anything as they all gaped at her.

Finally Susan shook her head before saying "Right, if you've got something to do then move out."

"And the rest of us?" asked Colin.

"Stay here," replied Susan "Stay out of the way and don't get caught."



* * *



"I'm telling you mate," said Ron Weasley as he and his best friend Harry Potter walked through the Transfiguration Courtyard carrying their brooms "The Cannons are sure to finish top of the league this year."

"Not likely," said Harry "its Puddlemere United's year to grab the cup. By the way, when did you get that broom?"

"Oh, mum got it for me as a reward for becoming a prefect," replied Ron "It's no Firebolt, but a Cleansweep Eleven is good enough for a keeper."

"Kind of expensive as well," observed Harry.

"Yeah. I guess Dad will have to work a bit of overtime to pay it off, but it'll be worth it when I make starting keeper for the Chudley Cannons."

Not too far away stood Hannah Abbott, whose eyes were shooting daggers at Ron's back. "I bet I know where the money for that broom came from," she muttered under her breath.

"Hannah?" asked Neville in a quiet voice.

She shook her head and led Neville off in the opposite direction to Harry and Ron, saying "Come on, the sooner this mess is sorted out the better off everyone will be."



* * *



They soon made it to the owlery and took a look around.

"Hannah, how to we take one of these owls into the castle?" asked Neville.

"Just stun one," replied Hannah as she reached into her pocket and took out a piece of parchment, an envelope and a self-inking quill.

"What are you doing?" asked Neville.

"Just checking something," said Hannah as she put the quill to the parchment and wrote

Hi mum. Just a note to say hi.

The first week back has been ok so far, though the teachers are definitely piling the homework on this year. I've always wondered why it's called homework, as we don't actually do it at home.

Justin says it's impossible to use up six feet of parchment when writing about bubble-head charms and I am inclined to agree. I've written four feet and eight inches and there is literally nothing more to say on the subject. Maybe I should make my handwriting bigger.

Saturday afternoon was fun. We all went outside and sat by the lake for lunch and stayed there for the rest of the day. We had a great time and it's unfortunate that we'll probably have to wait until May before we can do something like that again, as the sun will probably disappear behind a cloud and not be seen again for eight months.

Anyway that's all for now. I'll write to you again soon.

Love Hannah.

Hannah folded up the parchment, placed it into the envelope and wrote her mother's name on it. She then called down a tawny owl and attached the letter to its leg before letting it fly off.

"And what exactly are you checking?" asked Neville.

"Just watch," said Hannah.

They watched as the tawny owl flew over the grounds and towards the gates of the school ground. A moment after it soared over the gates there was an unmistakable flash of red light. By that point it had been difficult to make out the owl, but there was no doubt in either of their minds as to what had just happened.

"They are watching for owls," muttered Neville.

Hannah nodded before turning around, drawing her wand as she did so, and firing a stunning spell of her own.

A little Eurasian scops owl slumped on his perch.

"Seems a little small, don't you think?" asked Neville.

"Easier to carry about unnoticed," replied Hannah as she scooped up the small owl.



* * *



After two hours of searching, Katie and Bianca were at a loss. Fred and George Weasley were nowhere to be found. They had not been in the Gryffindor Common Room, or in their dormitory. They had not been near the kitchens, or down to the Quidditch Pitch. They were not out on the grounds or wandering through the corridors.

Angelina, Alicia, Lee and everyone else that they had asked all stated that they had not seen either of the twins since breakfast. This was not an especially unusual occurrence as Hogwarts castle was rather big and its current population was rather smaller than what the place could potentially hold.

It was, however, rather frustrating that they didn't have so much as a hair to go on.

"Well," said Katie "guess we'd better go back to the common room and begin there again."

"How about checking in there?" asked Bianca, pointing to an open door to their right.

Katie looked around and saw that it was the entrance to the library. She turned back to Bianca and the two of them broke out into a fit of loud giggles.

They were interrupted by an annoyed voice calling out through the open library door "Do you mind? Some of us are trying to read in here!"

The two girls' giggles broke off at once and they entered the library. There, sitting on the table nearest the door on the left hand side were Fred and George Weasley.

"Holy crap, you are actually studying!" exclaimed Katie.

"We certainly are," replied Fred, not looking up from the heavy tome that lay open in front of him.

"And we would appreciate it if you kept the noise down," added George, who seemed to be taking a copious amount of notes.

"What on earth are you two up to?" asked Bianca "This can't be for your N.E.W.T exams!"

"You're right, it's not." said George.

"What is it then?" asked Bianca.

"It's private." said Fred

"Private my foot!" retorted Katie and snatched up the nearest book.

"Oi!" exclaimed George as Katie flipped the book over to get a look at the front cover.

"How to Succeed in Business without Really Trying." she read aloud "A Wizarding Guide to Setting up Your Own Business."

"Thank you!" said Fred, taking the book back from her.

"You're planning on going into business after leaving Hogwarts?" asked Bianca.

"Of course we are," replied George "We've spent years developing various tricks and treats. What else are we going to do after school's done other than sell them?"

"Good point," said Katie "Where are you getting the start-up capital?"

Fred shut his book and turned to her "Was there a point to this visit or are you just here to annoy us?"

"Partly to annoy," replied Katie "but we also have a little job for you, if you're willing."

The twins exchanged a look before George replied "We're listening."



* * *



The sun was setting behind the mountains which surrounded Hogwarts, bathing the castle and the surrounding sloping lawns in a vivid orange glow. A chilly breeze blew through the air, encouraging the last few students who remained outside to retreat behind the castle walls.

Through the window of his office, Albus Dumbledore stood watching as Harry Potter and Ron Weasley made their way up towards the castle, broomsticks slung over their shoulders as they talked and laughed together happily.

'As they should be,' thought Dumbledore.

There was a knock at the door and Dumbledore turned to one of the tables that were covered in silver instruments. Already there was smoke in the air forming the words "Severus."

"Come in Severus." Dumbledore called out as the smoke dissipated.

The office door opened and the castle's dour potions master entered.

"Everything is prepared for this evening," said Snape after shutting the door securely.

"Very good," replied Dumbledore "Remember, once you are safely within range of your target you must dispose of her quickly and effectively. We cannot afford for you to get caught. Do not rush in; wait for the most opportune moment."

"Of course," said Snape. He seemed to mull something over for a few moments before asking "Are you certain that the chosen target is the best option?"

"I am. She had her chance to stay away from Harry. Now she is nothing more than a menace that must be eliminated. Casting the Dark Mark over her body will help cover our tracks."

Snape nodded and turned to leave.

"Severus," Dumbledore called after him, causing the man to pause by the door and turn back.

"Be careful."

After the potions master had left Dumbledore turned back towards his window and spotted a majestic looking barn owl winging its way towards the tower in which his office was located. He pushed open the window and the regal bird swooped in and landed on top of the ornate desk.

Dumbledore quickly relieved the owl of its burden, a letter, and the predatory denizen of the night spread its beautiful wings and took flight once more. Dumbledore closed the window after it had gone and then sat himself down behind the desk in order to read the letter.

It was from Sirius Black and read

Professor Dumbledore,

I was most disappointed when I was informed by Mad-Eye that you have had to confiscate the Marauders' Map from Harry, but having heard the reasoning behind this course of action I must admit that this is a fair decision, especially in light of the events of the last school year. As much as I would like Harry to use the map to sneak girls into broom cupboards, I understand that his safety, as well as that of the school as a whole, is of the utmost importance. It is unfortunate that Harry does not see it this way, but I am sure that he will come around in time.

To activate the map, simply touch the tip of your wand to it and speak the password, which is 'I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.' To deactivate it, touch it with your wand again and say 'Mischief managed.' The map will show you the locations of everyone within the castle, including Peeves the Poltergeist. Unfortunately we were never able to figure out how to include the ghosts on the map.

Keep an eye on Harry for me, and please do your best to discover just what diabolical potions the Ministry is using to control him.

Regards,

Snuffles.

Dumbledore smiled as he set the letter down. Sirius knew very little about what was currently going on at Hogwarts, and he certainly was not involved with the most recent events. As far as Sirius was concerned, Ministry officials had kidnapped Harry following his trial and dosed him with potions to make him pliable and agree to become the Ministry's new poster boy for their current plans at Hogwarts.

Sirius' natural distrust for the Ministry due to his wrongful imprisonment, along with his desire to keep Harry safe made him the perfect type of person to manipulate, as evidenced by the fact that he had just willingly handed over the activation password for the Marauders' Map.

Sirius was, for now, proving himself at least somewhat useful, but once that usefulness ran out Dumbledore would need to remove him from the equation.

Just like Sarah Abbott.

Putting thoughts of murder out of his mind, Dumbledore turns his attention to the task at hand. He reached down and opened the lowest drawer on his desk. From within he pulled out the tatty piece of parchment that, to the untrained eye, looked utterly insignificant.

Dumbledore, of course, had sensed its magical properties the moment that it had been handed to him and had rightly deduced that it was the fabled Marauders' Map.

The aged wizard felt a bit of excitement run through him as he placed the map on the desk. He whipped out his wand with a flourish and touched the tip to the parchment and spoke the password "I solemnly swear that I am up to do good."

'Never were truer words spoken by you!' thought the Sorting Hat bitterly as it watched these events helplessly from its position on one of the dust covered shelves.

His breath caught in his throat as, for the first time, Albus Dumbledore beheld the wonder that was the Marauders' Map. Before his very eyes line after line began to appear, spreading out across the map in all directions. They showed the walls of the classrooms, the corridors, the towers, the library, the hospital wing, the staff offices and the dormitories. Every stair was delineated, the names and numbers of various places were written in a neat scrawl and, looking closely, Dumbledore say small writing that named every portrait that hung on the corridor walls.

Dots appeared, each with its own label. There were Minerva and Pomona having their usual Sunday tea in Minerva's quarters. There was Severus, making his way back down to the Dungeons. There was Poppy, milling about in the Hospital Wing near an unmoving dot that showed where Dolores Umbridge was currently lying unconscious.

Dumbledore still hadn't decided what to do with her yet.

There were Harry and Ron, making their way up to Gryffindor Tower. Katie Bell and the Weasley Twins were heading towards them. Heading away from the staircase that Harry and Ron were currently climbing were Roger Davies and Patricia Stimpson, the current Head Boy and Head Girl.

Immediately that seemed a little odd to Dumbledore. With Davies being a Ravenclaw and Stimpson being a Hufflepuff, what possible reason could they have for being so near to Gryffindor Tower?

Perhaps they had been talking to a Gryffindor Prefect. Yes, that had to be it.

Ignoring the progress of the three older Gryffindors and the Head Boy and Girl, Dumbledore settled upon watching Harry and Ron make their way up to the Gryffindor Common Room. The two dots that represented the pair reached the entrance to their Common Room and paused, likely to give the password to the portrait of the Fat Lady and wait for the entrance to open.

Moments later the two were in.

Dumbledore gave a satisfied sigh. Harry was back where he belonged. Good.

He was just about to deactivate the map and put it away before the Head Boy and Head Girl could arrive when something on it happened to catch his eye.

Just along from the Gryffindor Common Room, in classroom 7B there were a large number of dots all clustered together in much the same way as there were many dots clustered together in the Gryffindor Common Room.

Many students appeared to have gathered in that classroom, perhaps as many as forty.

Dumbledore frowned. What on Earth could they all be doing in there? Looking at the names he saw that a fair few of them were students in Harry's year. Mostly this group was made up of Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws but, most strangely, there were also a handful of Slytherin students present, including the two current fifth year prefects, Pansy Parkinson and Daphne Greengrass.

This really did not sit right with Dumbledore and to make matters worse he spotted two names that told him that there was something very important going on in that room. Something that he needed to put a stop to.

Those names were Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott.

He sent of several patronuses to carry messages to most of the staff and some, but not all, of the Order members who were currently standing guard around the boundary of the castle's grounds.

The Head Boy and Girl arrived moments later, forcing Dumbledore to leave the rounding up of those wayward students to Minerva and the others.



* * *



"Is this it?" asked George, holding up the parcel.

"It is," replied Katie "Now go on, get moving."

"Wait, why do we have to smuggle it out of the castle again?" asked Fred.

Katie rubbed her hand over her face wearily "Because the Ministry is closing in on Hogwarts and I, for one, don't like the idea of some Ministry lackey reading my personal mail."

"Yeah," agreed George "Before we came back to Hogwarts Mum told us to be careful about what we put in our letters because Dumbledore thought that the Ministry would intercept our owls."

Katie had to fight against the unpleasant expression that threatened to mar her face at hearing those words. If only the Weasleys knew that it was actually Dumbledore's lackeys who were intercepting the mail of Hogwarts' students.

Then again, if the Weasley family found out that it was Dumbledore who behind the intercepting of mail then the whole lot of them would likely consider it to be a perfectly reasonable practice.

So rather than point this out she simply said "Exactly. Now hurry up and don't get caught."

Fred snorted derisively and said "Please! Remember who you're talking to, Bell. We are the Weasley Twins. We don't get caught."

"Good for you," said Katie "Now go."

The twins headed off, fully intending to make use of the secret passageway located behind a mirror on the fourth floor corridor. At this time of day this passage was an immensely better option than the one hidden by the statue of the one-eyed witch as that one led to the basement of Honeydukes' Sweet Shop. The one behind the mirror led to a large boulder that sat to the side of the road that lead from the village of Hogsmeade to Hogsmeade Station. It was neither in the village nor in the castle grounds, therefore making it the perfect location to release the owl.

Katie watched the twins disappear down the staircase towards the fourth floor corridor and then turned back.

She had just put a foot on the bottom stair of the staircase that led up to the sixth floor when she became aware of panicked shouting in the distance.

The shouting grew louder and was soon accompanied by the sounds of running footsteps. Many footsteps.

Cautiously Katie moved to take out her wand and had just raised it when suddenly Pansy Parkinson appeared at the top of the staircase, her face flushed from exertion and her eyes wide. She began bounding down the staircase, dragging Astoria Greengrass by the hand behind her.

"What's going on?" asked Katie in bewilderment as Pansy barrelled past her.

"We've been busted!" Pansy called back.

Katie turned her attention back to the top of the staircase and could only watch in shock as Padma, Anthony and the Creevey Brothers appeared there, only to be corralled by Professor McGonagall, Professor Flitwick and a person whom she did not recognise.

Katie did the only thing that she could do – turn around and follow Pansy and Astoria.

There was a time to be brave, but there was no doubt in Katie's mind as to what would happen to those who were caught. So long as Fred and George got the letter out, the Ministry would come to Hogwarts, but they would still need witnesses. And from the looks of things, the number of those available had just decreased dramatically.



* * *



Roger and Patricia were sitting in the Headmaster's office, delivering their first weekly report of the year. Their agreed upon goal was to keep Professor Dumbledore busy for as long as possible, but this seemed to be impossible as the Headmaster did not appear to really be paying attention to them. He was looking up at them, but kept taking quick looks at a piece of parchment on his desk which neither the Head Boy nor the Head Girl were able to get a good look at, and making notes on a separate sheet of parchment.

Roger licked his lips and tried to gain the Headmaster's attention "We spoke with Bianca Dunstan earlier and she seems to think that while Hermione Granger is quickly getting the hang of her duties, Ronald Weasley appears to be struggling to deal with the responsibility."

"Yes," replied Dumbledore in an off-hand manner which simply illustrated just how little attention he was paying them.

Patricia thought that she saw what might have been a glint of triumph in Dumbledore's eyes as he turned his gaze away from the strange piece of parchment on the desk and made a note on the other sheet.

Finally Dumbledore looked up and said "Well, it seems like you two have settled into your new roles well. Don't worry too much about the new prefects at the moment as it usually takes a month or so to get fully settled. Now then if you'll excuse an old man, I have business to attend to elsewhere."

Folding up the two pieces of parchment that he had been using and placing them in his left pocket, Dumbledore stood up from his desk and was just walking over to the door when suddenly he turned around, pulling out his wand as he did so and quickly fired off two stunning spells.

The two seventh years slumped off of their chairs and onto the floor. A surface scan of each of their minds had told Dumbledore all that he needed to know about their involvement with the students who had holed themselves up in classroom 7B. A little further in and he discovered exactly why all of those students had been there and what they were up to.

He called for a House Elf to take the pair to Classroom 7B and sent off a patronus to those members of the Order who were still stationed outside the castle, instructing them to intercept Fred and George Weasley.

Then, with a spring in his step, he made his way out of his office and towards Classroom 7B.

Fawkes watched him go and trilled a sad note once the door had shut behind the aged wizard.

"If you're hoping for him to redeem himself then you've got a long wait ahead of you!" barked the Sorting Hat.

Fawkes let out another trill and then buried his head beneath his wing. The hat didn't understand why Fawkes stayed. No one did.



* * *



"Let go of me!" shouted Susan as she was frogmarched back to Classroom 7B.

"It's no use fighting, lass," replied Moody and he pushed her along "You've been caught."

A man that Susan did not recognise opened the classroom door and she was shoved unceremoniously inside, tripping as she went and falling flat on her face.

She grunted as the wind was knocked out of her and turned to look at the door just in time to see it slam shut.

Instinctively she put her hand to her pocket where her wand was usually stored, although she was already well aware that it had been taken from her.

There was a soft pop to her left and the stunned bodies of Roger and Patricia appeared out of thin air next to her.

Susan sat up and looked around the room. It seemed that most of the group had been caught already. Some were stunned, some had been hit with body-bind spells, others were tied with ropes and others still were like her – outmuscled and dragged back kicking and screaming.

She tried to ascertain who was still missing but it was hard to tell as she hadn't known the names of everyone who had been present in the first place.

Hannah, Lilith and Sally-Anne were still missing, as were Pansy and Astoria. Andrew Kirke and Jack Sloper was also absent, and so were Jimmy Peakes, Nigel Wolpert and Marcus Belby. Luna wasn't there either. Nor was little Natalie Macdonald. The two girls that she had been with were there however.

The door opened again and Lilith and Sally-Anne were shoved inside, followed by Hannah who had been tried up with thick ropes.

The door slammed shut, only to be reopened a few moments later to allow the stunned bodies of Andrew and Jack to be levitated inside.

Susan crawled over to Hannah and tried tugging at the ropes that bound her, but they would not budge.

Over the next few minutes Jimmy, Nigel and Marcus were each brought in along with a few others whose names Susan didn't know.

Then, after what felt like five hours, but was actually only fifteen minutes, the door opened again. This time it was Dumbledore who stepped into the room, followed closely by two men whom Susan did not recognise. However with each of those were the Weasley Twins.

Susan and the others felt dread descend upon them, a feeling that only intensified when they realised that Dumbledore was holding the letter that Susan had written to her aunt.



* * *



The grounds were dark as three figures sprinted across the lawn towards the front gates of the school.

"Hold on!" Katie called out to Pansy and Astoria, causing the two Slytherins to come to a stop.

"What?" asked Pansy, testily.

"We can't go out through the front gates," replied Katie "Dumbledore's people will be watching."

"Then what do you suggest we do?" asked Astoria.

Katie looked around and saw that they were not too far away from the first few trees of the Forbidden Forest.

"We'll climb a tree," she suggested "One from which we can see the front gates. That way when the Aurors arrive we'll be able to go to them."

"Assuming that the Weasel Twins haven't been caught as well." said Pansy.

"Do we have any other option?" asked Katie.

Pansy thought for a moment before shaking her head and replying "Tree it is."



* * *



"Ron, do you know where my seeker gloves are?" asked Harry as he rummaged through the clothes that he had been wearing during their impromptu Quidditch training session.

"No idea mate," replied Ron without looking up from his comic book which was entitled The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle.

"I must have left them down by the Quidditch pitch," muttered Harry to himself. He walked over to his trunk, which was now seated at the foot of the bed, and opened it.

After a few moments of rummaging through the trunk Harry turned to Ron and asked "Have you seen my invisibility cloak?"

"Not recently," replied Ron, scratching his nose as he continued to read the comic.

Harry continued to rummage before saying "Well, it's not in here."

"Haven't seen it mate," replied Ron.

"The Marauders' Map is gone too," said Harry.

"I'm sure it'll turn up." said Ron.

Harry glanced down at his watch "Well, there's still twenty minutes until curfew. Reckon I can get down to the Quidditch Pitch and back in that time?"

"You could if you flew," answered Ron as he turned a page.

"Good idea," said Harry before pulling his firebolt broomstick out from underneath his bed and marched out of the dormitory.

A few moments later Dean stepped out of the bathroom that adjoined the dormitory.

"I wonder where Neville's too?" he wondered aloud as he used a towel to dry his hair.

"No idea mate." replied Ron.



* * *



Harry stepped out through the front doors of the castle and took a deep breath of cool night air.

There would probably be a frost the following morning.

He swung a leg over his broomstick and kicked off from the ground. It was tricky to navigate in the dark, and the crescent moon did not help matters, but thanks to a combination of light emanating from the castle and from the stars shining in the cloudless sky above, Harry was able to navigate his way down towards the Quidditch Pitch.

He landed at the foot of the stands and got off the broom. Then, after drawing his wand, he cast a lumos spell in order to help search for his gloves.

However, rather than reveal the location of his gloves, the light emanating from the tip of his wand illuminated a face belonging to a person standing directly in front of him.

"Hullo Harry Potter," said Luna Lovegood, kindly.

"Um… hello?" replied Harry, who no longer had any memory of having ever met Luna Lovegood.

Luna tilted her head to the side and said "You know, you shouldn't wear expressions like that on your face, Harry Potter. If I didn't know any better, I'd say that you were a victim of a Wrackspurt infestation."

"Um… ok?" said Harry, a little unsure of how to respond "Have you seen my seeker gloves around here?"

He felt something tugging at his sleeve. Harry looked down and saw that it was another girl, a second year Gryffindor whose name he thought was Natalie Macdonald, though he wasn't certain.

With her right hand still holding on to his sleeve, she held out her left hand which held both of his seeker gloves.

"Thanks," said Harry taking the gloves from her. He shoved them in his pocket and said "Well it was nice meeting you, but I really need to get back up to the castle now."

He turned to leave, only for Natalie to grab onto his left arm with both of her hands, clamping down with a surprisingly strong grip.

"You can't go!" she exclaimed.

Harry gaped at her before turning to Luna, hoping for an explanation.

"It is very bad to go to the castle Harry." said the Ravenclaw girl who, Harry noticed for the first time, was wearing a necklace of butter beer bottle corks and earrings in the shape of radishes.



* * *



McGonagall turned to Dumbledore and said "We are missing seven students. Luna Lovegood and Stewart Ackerly of Ravenclaw, Kevin Whitby of Hufflepuff, Katie Bell and Natalie Macdonald of Gryffindor and Pansy Parkinson and Astoria Greengrass of Slytherin.

Dumbledore nodded before replying "Send word to the others and have them block all exits from the castle. I will use the map to locate our wayward charges."

"What are we going to do with them?" asked Flitwick, gesturing to the assembled students in the room.

Following another attempted escape the staff and Order had resorted to stunning all of them.

"We will have to wait for Severus to return before we can take the appropriate action," replied Dumbledore "All of the potions that he brewed were used up during today's mealtimes. I must confess that we did not anticipate any student missing all three meals. Severus will have to brew some more."

"Very well," said McGonagall "And regarding the letter?"

"Once Severus returns I will question the twins, Miss Bell and Miss Bones under veritaserum. It is unfortunate that we must resort to such measures, but sometimes the difference between what is right and wrong must be overlooked for the greater good, no matter how distasteful."

Neither one of the Professors argued.



* * *



Godric's Hollow was a peaceful rural village located in North West part of Dorset, not far from the county's border with Somerset.

The village had a history that dated back many centuries. In fact, some of the ruins that were still to be found on the edge of the village pre-dated Westminster Abbey. The ruins were what remained of the original village, which had been left empty following the arrival of the Black Death in 1348. Some of the village, such as the Church of St Clementine, had been repaired in the 1550's, with most of the rest of the village being built from scratch at around the same time.

The village almost doubled in size between the years 1689 and 1690. Those who already lived in the village were not to know this, but this increase was largely due to witches and wizards who chose to settle in this village following ratification of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689. The magical people chose this location in particular because of the significance that it held for them. The village was, of course, named for one of the greatest wizards of all time, Godric Gryffindor, who had once owned a large mansion house on the edge of the old village, though that now was gone.

And so the wizards had come, building new cottages from themselves and either side of five new streets that they also built – Lion Lane, Griffin Close, Raven Road, Badger Street and Abbott Road.

From the names given to their streets, it is easy to tell that, for the most part, the wizards and witches were decent folk who soon managed to get along with their muggle neighbours.

Unfortunately this was not always so and the wizards of Godric's Hollow had their fair share of bad encounters with Muggles.

Still, for the most part things went along ok, or they had done until the around 1970 when Voldemort began his first rise to power. The self-styled Dark Lord and his followers loved to amuse themselves by torturing muggles and Godric's Hollow was the perfect place to grab one for an evening's entertainment.

As such the Muggle population had dropped to around sixty, down from more than two hundred, though this decline was also as a result of Muggles moving away out of fear.

In the time following the temporary vanquishing of Voldemort in 1981 the Muggles had steadily increased in number, though had yet to reach the same number of inhabitants as more than two dozen of the houses that had been left empty had been purchased by fashionable "townies" from London and elsewhere who used them for an average of seven long weekends every year, leaving them empty the rest of the time.

The numbers of witches and wizards living in the village, on the other hand, were at an all-time high. Many of the families living there had been hit hard by the war and many wizarding homes were left empty for a time, but the village where Voldemort was vanquished was always going to see an influx of new wizards.

There was one wizarding family that had lived in Godric's Hollow for a long time, predating the other famous families to have lived there, the Potters, the Bagshots and the Dumbledores, by a good few generations. In fact the Abbotts could rightfully say that their early ancestors had in fact lived alongside and worked for Godric Gryffindor himself. Like everyone else they had abandoned the village during the plague but had returned well before the International Statute of Secrecy had been put into place.

For generations there had been an Abbott living in a house on the corner between Badger Street and Abbott Road, which was named after the family, and if things continued as they should, there always would be.

Unfortunately, there were those who would quite happily see families such as the Abbotts driven to extinction in order to further their own purposes.

In a dark corner of the graveyard a man appeared out of thin air. Fortunately the lateness of the hour and the bitter chill in the air meant that all the Muggles were safely in their homes.

Severus Snape held his wand up as his black eyes scanned the area around him. Seeing nothing he began walking towards the gates. As he passed one of the graves he paused and turned to look at it.

It was the grave of James and Lily Potter.

Jealousy welled up within him and with two flicks of his wand two chucks were blown out of the headstone, the first hole appearing where James' name had been and the second being where the name Potter had been, leaving only Lily.

He stood over the grave for a minute longer, wondering how else to desecrate the final resting place of James Potter, but he soon realised that he could not do anymore without desecrating Lily's resting place as well.

Snape turned and stormed out of the graveyard, only to come to a stop a few feet beyond the gate. What at first had looked like a war memorial hand changed shape. What had initially been an obelisk was not a statue of three people, a man, a woman and an infant, sitting together on a stone seat.

James Potter, Lily Evans and their son, Harry.

He stood as if rooted to the spot. He had been aware of this memorial statue but had never seen it before now. Aside from being made out of stone, the statues were very lifelike, extremely lifelike. In fact, one could be forgiven for thinking that rather than having been sculpted out of stone, that the statues had one been real people who had simply been turned into stone through a transfiguration spell.

He made a move as if to go closer, but shook himself. No, he would not do this. He had a mission to do, and getting closer to that statue would only result in attention being brought onto him.

He turned away and continued on towards Abbott Road.

He passed Griffin Close and looked down it to where the cottage where the Potter family had once lived now stood as a ruin.

Unbidden, an image of Lily's smiling face as she sat eagerly beneath the Sorting Hat on their first day at Hogwarts swam before his mind and Snape could not help but think one thoroughly bitter and downright twisted thought:

'She should have stayed with me.'

He remembered it clearly, that day in their fifth year that had resulted in her ending their friendship.

It was all Potter's fault, of course, for attacking him, hexing him, humiliating him in front of most of his year group. An unprovoked attack upon his person which had caused him to lose his temper and snap at Lily when she had tried to help.

And it was Mary Macdonald's fault. That bitch had been doing her utmost to destroy his friendship with Lily from the moment that the two girls had sat down together at the Gryffindor table. Macdonald had always been badmouthing him around Lily, saying that he was dark, saying that he couldn't be trusted, poisoning Lily's mind against him.

Her and Lily's other friends, Sarah Fisher, Alice Prewitt, and Marlene McKinnon…

Of course, as with people everywhere who felt that everything was everyone else's fault, Snape's recollection of these was a littler skewered.

The attack, for there is no denying that it was one, was not without foundation.

Just a month before Mary Macdonald had been attacked by two Slytherin Students, Evan Rosier and Silas Mulciber, and subjected by them to the imperius curse, much to the enjoyment of several of their fellow Slytherins, Snape included.

The assault had ended when Narcissa Black, who had been charged with keeping a lookout, had alerted them to the approach of Professors McGonagall and Flitwick.

The curse had been cancelled and the Slytherins had scarpered, but not before Mary had gotten a good look at several faces in the group, including Snape's.

Mary had told the teachers when they had arrived but they had not sought out the perpetrators in order to punish them, very likely on Dumbledore's orders, though Slughorn had kept a closer watch on them for the rest of the term.

Obviously Mary had told her friends about what happened. Lily hadn't been happy about it and confronted Snape outright over it. He tried to blow it off as being "just a bit of a laugh" but she hadn't been impressed.

Less impressed were two Hufflepuff boys, Edgar Bones and Edward Abbott, who had gone unnoticed by Lily and Snape as they had argued. Edward had told his girlfriend Sarah about what he and Edgar had overheard and Sarah had told her friends, including Mary who had gone on to tell her boyfriend, Sirius Black who, naturally, had told the other Marauders.

Thus the reason for the attack. Not that Snape remembered things that way. Not only was occlumency good for protecting your mind, it was also good for blocking off things you didn't want to remember.

The breakup of his friendship with Lily had been hard to deal with, but even harder was coping with the fact that Lily did eventually get together with that idiotic Potter in their seventh year. The day that he had learned that had been the day he had vowed to himself to train himself up into becoming the best servant that the Dark Lord would ever have. This would allow him to get rid of Lily's "friends" and her would-be husband.

The day that Lily had married Potter had been the day that Snape had taken the dark mark of Lord Voldemort. In order to do so, a prospective Death Eater had to bring along a victim, and Snape had had the perfect one in mind.

By listening to the grape-vine he had learned of the location of the wedding and had waited outside. Later in the evening his victim had shown herself, drunkenly staggering beyond the protective enchantments on the hall where the wedding was being held. She was not alone though. Sirius Black was with her.

That turn of events had made things even better, for it seemed that the couple were still sweet on each other. Snape had set a couple of noise-makers from Zonko's joke shop on the group near some bushes and then moved away. The noise went off, Sirius went to investigate and Snape stunned Mary Macdonald and disapparated with her before Sirius could realise what had happened.

It had been perfect. He got rid of one of Lily's meddlesome "friends", he received his dark mark, he had made sure that the day she married Potter was a day that Lily would never want to remember, and he had gotten to hurt that idiotic Sirius Black in the process as well.

In the line of duty to Lord Voldemort, Severus Snape had witnessed the massacre of the McKinnon family, thus removing another of Lily's friends, and had been there when Edgar Bones and his young family had been killed.

Then had come that damned prophesy. Upon realising that Voldemort would go after the Potters, Snape had begged his Lord to spare his Lily, tried to convince the man that Lily was powerful despite her heritage, and that power could be useful, but it hadn't worked. Snape was not high enough in Voldemort's ranks to make such as request successfully and had indeed paid the price for his gall.

In the end he had been forced to turn to Dumbledore, begging the Headmaster to save his Lily and, as distasteful as he found it, to save her husband and son as well, a request he only made to ensure that Dumbledore acted.

Now bound to the servitude of two masters, he had spent the year playing both sides against each other before that fateful Halloween night in 1981.

Lily was gone, and so was Voldemort. Dumbledore spoke on Snape's behalf to save him, but there were those who refused to believe the old man's words, forcing Snape to shelter in Dumbledore's sphere of influence.

But in that dark hour, Snape's suffering had been rewarded. Bellatrix and several others had gone after the Longbottoms, driving them into insanity and removing another of Lily's poisonous friends. Dumbledore, either through ill judgement or malicious intent, had allowed Sirius Black to be sent away to Azkaban prison and had sent Potter's brat away to live with wretched Muggles. The last of the Marauders, Remus Lupin, had retreated from the magical world to live in virtual solitude for more than a decade.

Of all the people who had turned his Lily against him, only two had remained unscathed; Sarah Fisher and her husband Edward Abbott.

Sirius Black and Remus Lupin had both since returned, but for now there was nothing that Snape could do about them.

Tonight, though, he would be permanently removing another, and on the orders of Albus Dumbledore himself, no less.

He had arrived at the corner where Abbott Street joined Badger Road and now stood in a shadowy spot on the pavement on the opposite side of the road from the house.

The house was large, well maintained and hinted at wealth, but did not show it off in the way that Malfoy Manor did.

There was a light on in the kitchen allowing him to view Sarah Abbott as she milled about inside.

A quickly cast "homenum revelio" spell revealed that she was the only person in the house.

Perfect.

With a flick of his wand his black hood came up over his head and a silvery, skull like Death Eater mask attached itself over upper half of his face.

He stepped out of the shadows and began to cross the road.



* * *



Sarah lifted the saucepan of hot milk off of the hob and moved to pour the contents into a large mug. A moment later she had set the saucepan back down onto the hob and pulled out her wand. She had felt a tugging sensation upon her magic, an indication that the wards surrounding the house were currently under attack.

Quickly, and yet constantly keeping her eyes moving from the window to the door, she backed up towards the fireplace. With her free hand she reached for the pot of floo powder and grabbed a handful. She threw it into the fireplace, but much to her dismay nothing happened. Whoever it was that was attacking the wards obviously had contacts within the Department of Magical Transportation.

She tried disapparating, but that did not work either. She grabbed a spoon that had been lying nearby on the counter and turned it into a portkey, but again she had no luck.

She felt a strange, lurching sensation as the wards collapsed. She raised her wand and aimed it at the window, an easy access point and the spot where most invaders would try to enter.

The attack came from her left. With reflexes honed through training to work with the Auror department she threw herself beneath the kitchen table as a large hole was blasted through the wall.

Through the dust she could make out a man dressed all in black, hooded and cloaked. She aimed her wand upwards just as he fired a spell which blasted the table backwards, leaving her completely exposed.

The bludgeoning spell left the tip of her wand, but he ducked beneath it and it struck the wall, making the hole even bigger.

She followed that spell up with another and another, allowing her time to get to her feet although he now shielded against every spell she sent at him.

They strove against each other of a minute and then he changed tactics, ducking beneath a spell instead of shielding against it, leaving his wand free to return fire.

"Expelliarmus!"

Sarah recognised the voice of her attacker and faltered failing to get a protective shield up in time and her wand was banished from her hand.

The attacker straightened up. This was how a Death Eater liked to play, their victims powerless and alone.

And Severus Snape planned to play with this mouse cruelly before putting an end to her.

But Sarah Abbott was not beaten yet. With or without her wand she had a few tricks up her sleeve. With a sudden movement she made as though to drive for the place where her wand had landed and Snape cast a spell at her, but her move was merely a feint.

Instead she twisted herself, avoiding the spell, and reached for the saucepan, its milky contents now bubbling and broiling like the volatile ingredients of an exploding potion.

She swung the saucepan and hurled it towards her attacker.

Snape screamed as the boiling milk drenched him, soaking into his robes, blistering the skin around his exposed mouth and leaking through the eye holes on the mask to scald his eyes.

Blindly he swiped at his face with the sleeve of one arm and with the other he pointed his wand and shouted "Sectumsempra!"

He was rewarded with a terrible scream of pure agony and the sound of a body hitting the floor.

Snape forced his eyes to open and, though his vision was a little blurred, he saw that his victim was on the floor, surrounded by a rapidly expanding pool of blood.

Ignoring his pain he stepped forward, fully intending to gloat over his victim.

But even as she lay dying, her life's blood ebbing from many slash-like wounds over her body, the lady of the household was not forsaken.

There were two House Elves living in and serving the Ancient and Noble House of Abbott. Like many wizards everywhere, Severus Snape had made the mistake of ignoring these creatures and he was about to pay for it.

Loppy and Moppy appeared on either side of their mistress and both raised a threatening hand, crying in one voice "You will do no more evil here!"

Snape raised his wand to strike the Elves down, but each sent a pulse of magic at him. The world spun around him as air rushed past his ears, and then he caught sight of the kitchen counter as it came up to meet him.

Loppy hurried over to tie the attacker in thick ropes and Moppy moved to check on her mistress.

Being careful to not tread in her blood, Moppy walked around Sarah and came to stand by her head.

Sarah's eyes opened and, upon seeing the Elf, she spoke in a weak voice.

"Amelia… Get Amelia…"

Moppy nodded and disappeared with a pop.



* * *



A/N: And now the shit shall hit the fan!

I hope that you enjoyed this one as it took a bit of effort to write. It may also me my longest chapter for any story that I have ever written.

I know that some of you are frothing at the mouth for answers, trust me they are coming. I am trying to avoid revealing everything too soon, something which I have, admittedly, been guilty of in the past.

Just as a note, this is my personal take on Snape's character. You should all know by now that I really despise that guy and his creepy, stalker ways. If you hadn't yet worked out that he wasn't going to be a good guy in this (not that he ever was anyway), well… I dunno what to tell you other than you probably haven't been reading carefully enough.

Anyway this chapter does answer a question that I've wondered about for a long time – whatever happened to Lily's friends from Hogwarts. It's not a joyful answer, I'll grant you, but it is an answer.

Also I think that I got the idea of Alice Longbottom's maiden name being Prewitt from another fanfic that I read a long time ago and can no longer remember the title of. I had thought that it was canon, but after checking I can find no sources that confirm this. Basically she's Molly Weasley's cousin, though they were two very different people. I don't know if that will ever become relevant in this story.

Anyhow, that's this chapter done. See ya next time!





*Chapter 26*: They All Fall Down


			Well, more people left. Oh well, there are plenty more people still reading, including a whole bunch of newcomers. However, I have changed the summary of this story to warn of Evil Dumbledore, Sheep Order/Staff and Good Guys Don't Get Everything Their Own Way.

Also, I am, according to many reviewers, a bastard of the highest order for leaving three cliff-hangers in a row. Unfortunately I have checked and my parents were married at the time I was conceived, so that's the end of that. :P

On with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor.

Chapter 26: They All Fall Down

"So why are we not going back up to the castle?" asked Harry.

In order to calm down little Natalie, who had appeared to be on the brink of tears, Harry had sat down in the Quidditch stands with her and Luna. It was now fifteen minutes later, and the second year girl seemed to have calmed down enough for Harry to question their behaviour.

"Dumbledore's being a very bad man!" replied Natalie, firmly.

Harry stared at her for a moment before turning to Luna, hoping to get a better answer from her.

"The Headmaster has quite lost his capabilities of rational thought," replied Luna in a voice that those who knew her would be quite surprised to hear coming from her. "It seems that your recent rebellion has frightened him and in response he had decided to strip all students of their basic rights."

"When did I rebel?" asked Harry, genuinely puzzled.

"Ever since term started last week," replied Luna. "Though the wrackspurts say that it began long before then."

Harry thought for a moment before shaking his head and replying "I'm sorry, but I don't remember any of that."

"Of course you don't," said Luna. "Dumbledore caught you and used mind spells and potions to make you regret rebelling and force you to comply with his wishes."

Harry shook his head again, this time in outright disbelief.

"I'm sorry," he said. "But this is just ridiculous. This is Dumbledore that we're talking about, and you're making him out to be like Voldemort but in disguise."

Natalie flinched at the name, but Luna, surprisingly, did not.

"They are not entirely different people, Harry, if you think about it."

"This is crazy," said Harry. "You're crazy. I'm going back up to the castle."

"No!" shouted Natalie, grabbing him by the arm again.

"Get off me!" he snapped, shaking his arm in an effort to make her let go.

He succeeded in wrenching his arm out of her grasp and turned to leave, but he didn't get more than five steps away before he tripped and fell flat on his face.

With a grunt Harry forced himself to roll onto his back. Looking down at his legs he saw that they were locked together. He glared up at Luna who had her wand out, having cast the leg-locker curse on him.

"I'm sorry, Harry Potter, but you were doing too much good for me to just let you walk back into the castle."

"What good?" demanded Harry. "I don't have a clue what you're talking about."

"Then lie still and I will tell you," replied Luna.



* * *



Amelia Bones arrived in the Head Auror's Office at the DMLE and addressed her second in command.

"What news Rufus?"

Rufus Scrimgeour looked up from the notes he was making to reply. "Snape is currently locked up down in the Department of Mysteries where they are seeing to his wounds. He should be ready to talk in about another ten minutes or so."

"Excellent," replied Amelia. "I've waited a long time to wring a few truths out of the greasy bastard."

"You're not the only one," said Scrimgeour. "How were things at St Mungo's?"

"Messy. The healers can't work out what the spell he hit her with was or how to reverse its effects. If it weren't for the House Elf putting her under a stasis enchantment after tying up Snape than she would probably have bled out and died before we even got there."

"Yes, well, I for one will never underestimate House Elves again. Incidentally I had to call in your friend Cyrus Greengrass."

"Why?"

"Well, when Snape was brought here, a search revealed that he had a talisman of sorts upon his person. At first we assumed that it was an emergency portkey, but now we're not so sure so I asked Greengrass to take a look."

"Do you think it might be what caused the wards to fall?"

"It is," said a voice from the doorway. Amelia spun around and saw Cyrus Greengrass standing there "Forgive me," he said "but I couldn't help but overhear that last part of your conversation."

He approached Scrimgeour's desk and placed the talisman upon it. It was a disc made entirely of gold with a precious stone set in the middle. The stone was in a perfect circle and resembled the symbol of yin and yang, except one half was ruby red and the other emerald green, and did not have the dots in the larger ends. Around this central stone was a ring of sixteen smaller stones which ran in the order of sapphire, diamond, pearl and crystal before going back to sapphire again. A similar ring of stones was found along the edge of the talisman and on the back. A golden chain was affixed to the top.

"This thing causes wards to fail, you say?" asked Scrimgeour.

"It does, but only when activated which it currently is not," replied Greengrass. "And even if it were, we wouldn't have a lot to worry about here in the Ministry. This thing is far from strong enough to bring down the wards surrounding this building. I would imagine that it took several attempts for it to bring down the wards around the Abbott House as well."

"But it still did it quicker than a whole team of curse breakers," said Amelia. "So where did Snape get this thing?"

"Well I had some people down in the Department of Mysteries look it over to see if there are any traces of a magical signature on it" said Greengrass. "And they've come up with a name."

"Who?"

"Voldemort."



* * *



Six Aurors stood guard along the bare walls of the room, two on the west side, two on the east and two one the south. Four Unspeakables stood guard by the door which opened in the north wall.

In the middle of the room Severus Snape sat in a wooden chair, barely coherent but certainly conscious. Thick black chains secured him firmly to the chair, which was affixed to the floor, and strong ropes were bound around the man's torso and legs.

A knock sounded at the door and one of the Unspeakables opened it. In came Amelia Bones, Rufus Scrimgeour, Cyrus Greengrass and Head Unspeakable Saul Croaker, along with two more Unspeakables and three more Aurors.

Croaker turned to the two Unspeakables who had entered with him. "Lower his Occlumency protections."

The two Unspeakables nodded in reply and drew their wands. When they pointed these at Snape, the man's body suddenly became very rigid as his mind instinctively tried to fend off their attack. They were not attempting to read his mind, but were instead working to lower his Occlumency defences just enough to enable the use of veritaserum on him.

The legality of this action was highly dubious, which was why it was being done off record by the Unspeakables. Officially Amelia, Scrimgeour and the other Aurors were not in the room and they had all been sworn to secrecy.

Primarily, any information gleaned from Snape during this session would be used purely to allow them to act. If they then chose to use this information in order to prosecute anyone, it would have to be presented by the Unspeakables rather than the Aurors. An annoying technicality, but that's politics. Technically they couldn't just use whatever means they wanted in order to wring the truth out of the man, but the term "information acquired by the Unspeakables" usually shut up all the naysayers.

Quite suddenly, after about ten minutes of the Unspeakables fighting against Snape's willpower, the man went limp, almost as if he had been stunned.

Croaker turned to another Unspeakable and asked the man to administer the truth potion.

"And remember to give him six drops instead of three."

The Unspeakable did as asked and, once the potion had taken effect, Croaker conjured up a seat opposite Snape and sat down on it before beginning his questioning of the man.

Starting with the standard questions to check that the potion was working properly he asked "What is your full name?"

"Severus Tobias Snape," came the barely lucid reply.

"What is your date of birth?"

"9th January 1960."

"Where do you live?"

"Hogwarts castle."

"And when not at Hogwarts?"

"17 Spinner's End, Cokeworth."

"And your occupation?"

"Potions Professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."

At this point Croaker looked over to one of his subordinates standing by the door. The man had a sheet of parchment in his hand which he was currently using to check Snape's personal details.

The Unspeakable gave a nod of his head, confirming that everything that Snape had said was correct, and Croaker turned back to Snape.

With the potion obviously working, Croaker got on with the real questions.

"Why did you attack Sarah Abbott in her own home?"

"I had orders to kill her."

"Orders from whom?"

"Albus Dumbledore."

The others in the room exchanged dark looks.

"Why did Dumbledore order you to kill her?"

"To eliminate her influence upon Harry Potter and to draw attention to the Dark Lord's return."

Again the people in the room exchanged looks. They were a few of the handful of Ministerial employees who knew the truth about Voldemort's rebirth several months ago.

Filing way the bit about Harry Potter for a moment Croaker instead asked "And how would this have drawn attention to the Dark Lord's return?"

"I was to cast the Dark Mark in the sky above the house after completing the murder."

"How did you break through the wads surrounding the Abbott House so easily?"

"The talisman. It was designed specifically to bring down wards with ease. Rookwood designed it towards the end of the last war, and the Dark Lord used it to bring down the additional wards around Potter Cottage when he attacked it."

"How did you end up with the talisman?"

"I was there that night, waiting outside. When part of the roof caved in and the Dark Lord did not emerge I went inside. I took the talisman and the Dark Lord's wand."

"And how did the wand get from you to him?"

"Wormtail arrived at my house shortly after Wormtail brought the Dark Lord back to England. He had the Dark Lord and his snake with him and I handed over the wand."

"Yet you kept the talisman?"

"They did not ask for it, so I kept it for myself to use."

"Were there other talismans made?"

"Not to my knowledge. Rookwood could probably make more if he were ever freed from Azkaban."

"I see," said Croaker before changing his line of questioning. "Why does Dumbledore not want Sarah Abbott to influence Harry Potter?"

"Dumbledore says that Potter has a destiny to complete. A destiny that only Dumbledore can guide him towards. He says that Harry must not be subjected to outside influences."

"What does Dumbledore believe Harry Potter's destiny to be?"

"To die by the hand of the Dark Lord, completing the prophecy that ties them together and allowing Dumbledore to step in and kill the Dark Lord himself."

"What else has Dumbledore done to prevent Harry Potter from being influenced by others?"

At that question Snape suddenly began fighting against the effects of the potion and the magic that was working against his Occlumency.

As Snape fought, a third Unspeakable came forward and raised her wand. A few moments later Snape went limp again, the task of fighting off three assaults on his defences as well as the truth serum wearing him down quickly.

Croaker repeated his question again.

Snape, as it turned out, had a lot of answers to give.



* * *



Over an hour passed before Amelia, Rufus, Cyrus and Saul were able to head into Amelia's office and go over what they had learned.

"I think that we've got more than enough evidence to bring Dumbledore to his bony knees," said Amelia as she went through a list of all the ways that Snape had revealed Dumbledore controlled and manipulated Harry Potter's life. There was everything from controlling his mail to dosing him with potions.

"You realise that every student in that castle is currently dosed to the gills, don't you?" asked Cyrus.

This had been a particularly disturbing fact to learn. The idea that all the students at Hogwarts had, on Dumbledore's orders, been dosed with a potion that would force them to blindly accept what they were told or what they saw without question was utterly vial.

Worse, when asked why Dumbledore thought that he could get away with such an action, Snape had replied "He has done it before, on several occasions."

It was Croaker who replied to Cyrus' question "As distasteful as it is we cannot make that our first priority here. We must first deal with the Order of the Phoenix before Dumbledore gets wind of what we've found out and has them all go to ground."

Despite the fact that her niece was at Hogwarts and was likely under the influence of Dumbledore's little scheme, Amelia took Croaker's side "The potions will wear off in time without regular dosages. With Snape in our hands, Dumbledore has no one to make the potion for him. If this was any other criminal that we were dealing with, I would send a team straight to Hogwarts, but this is Dumbledore that we are dealing with. We need to destroy his power base and hit him with everything that we have."

Rufus pulled out a long sheet of parchment and began reading it before commenting "Well, we had better begin with our own employees. Kingsley Shacklebolt of the Auror Office, Emmeline Vance of the Law Enforcement Patrol, Arthur Weasley of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, his wife Molly and his son William, Sturgis Podmore of the Floo Network Authority and Dedalus Diggle of the Muggle-Worthy Excuse committee all seem like a good place to start."

Amelia nodded and said "You organise raids against them, I'm going after Moody."

"And what about Sirius Black?" asked Cyrus.

"He's hiding behind a Fidelius charm," replied Rufus "There is nothing that we can do for him right now."

Discovering that Sirius Black was innocent of the crimes for which he had been convicted had been a surprise to most of those in that room, but Amelia already knew that little piece of information, having heard it from Harry back in the summer. Until now her hands had been tied on the matter, and until they could get the man into the Ministry to question him, Amelia still had not action that she could take without setting alarm bells ringing within certain circles.

She was also rather reluctant to make a move in the man's favour anyway. Clearly he was one of Dumbledore's men and he had abandoned Harry twice now, once on that fateful Halloween night back in 1981 and again over the summer when he had taken part in the communication block that Dumbledore had imposed upon Harry.

Although she had left Hogwarts School two years before the Marauders had arrived, Amelia had learned plenty about them from her younger brothers, Edgar and Alfred. She had also met Sirius at various points during the two years he had spent in Auror training. She had not found herself liking him then and the higher ups had shared this view, which was why Sirius did not complete his third year at the Auror academy.

She would do what she could for the man when she had the time, but for now the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had bigger fish to fry.



* * *



During his meeting with the Head Boy and Head Girl, Dumbledore had taken the time to note down all the names of those students who had been in the room on the seventh floor. Even now, several hours after the bulk of the students had been caught there were seven names unaccounted for, five girls and two boys.

Dumbledore had been scanning the castle on the Marauder's Map for quite some time now, but as yet he had seen nothing to suggest where Pansy Parkinson, Astoria Greengrass, Natalie McDonald, Katie Bell, Luna Lovegood, Stewart Ackerly or Kevin Whitby had hidden themselves.

He had Filch and several members of the Order searching the secret passageways out of the castle in the hopes that the wayward students were hiding just beyond the edges of the map, but so far they had found nothing.

His eyes scanned the grounds again and this time he spotted two things that brought a large smile to his face. He turned around as addressed two of the Professors who were in the room with him and the captured students.

"Minerva, Nymphadora, it seems that Kevin Whitby and Stewart Ackerly have secluded themselves away within the Quidditch changing rooms and Luna Lovegood and Natalie McDonald are using the stands around the Quidditch Pitch to hide themselves. Kindly go out and retrieve them, and do be quick as the girls appear to have young Mr Potter with them."

Tonks scowled at the use of her first name but followed Professor McGonagall from the room.

"You're not going to get away with this!" said Susan.

Dumbledore smiled patronisingly at her and replied "Quite the contrary, my dear girl. The Ministry of Magic is soon going to become too busy to worry about what I do within my own castle."

Susan felt a chill go down her spin and Hannah shuddered next to her. The old man's words did not bode well.



* * *



Bang! Bang! Bang!

"Alright, alright!" grumbled Arthur Weasley as he hurried down the stairs of The Burrow, pulling on his dressing gown.

He made his way over to the back door of the house pulled it open.

"Rufus?" he asked in surprise as he saw who was standing at his door, and with five other Aurors no less. "What on Merlin's name brings you here at this hour?"

Like parents the world over who found themselves being awoken like this, he began to panic. "Is something wrong at the school? Is it the twins? Is it Ron? Ginny?"

"Something is very wrong at the school, Arthur," replied Scrimgeour, grimly. "However we currently have no reason to believe that any of your children are at risk."

"Then why are you here?" asked Arthur "What's going on?"

"We've come for you, Arthur," said Scrimgeour. "And Molly. You're both under arrest."

"What for?" demanded Arthur as two Aurors stepped forwards to arrest him.

"Arthur? Who's at the door?" asked Molly as she came down the stairs. She took in the sight before her and her tone changed from one of concern to one of anger.

"What's going on?" she demanded.

"Molly Weasley, you are under arrest," said Scrimgeour and he nodded to two other Aurors who moved to arrest the woman.

"Surely this must be some kind of misunderstanding," protested Arthur.

"Perhaps," said Scrimgeour. "But I doubt it. Is your son William at home?"

"No, he's… at work." replied Molly, faltering.

Scrimgeour raised an eyebrow. "Rather late for someone with a desk job at Gringotts to be working, isn't it?"

Without waiting for an answer he went on "Well, we'll just have to send a team to the bank. Now, I assume that you are both going to come quietly?"

"Very well," said Molly. "Please let us contact Dumbledore though. I'm certain that he can straighten all of this out."

"I somewhat doubt that, Mrs Weasley," replied Scrimgeour. "After all, you are being arrested for being members of his illegal vigilante group."

The shock of that statement silenced both Weasley parents better than any silencing charm could. Arthur found himself needing to lean against the table for a moment, no easy task when you're hands are bound behind your back.

Molly dropped to the floor in a dead faint.



* * *



Harry did not like the situation that he was in even a little bit. Luna had, according to her, told him everything that had been going on up at the castle during the past week, but Harry could recall none of it and none of it made any sense to him.

After all, everything seemed to centre on his rebelling against Dumbledore, but Harry could think of no reason as to why he would rebel, and Luna certainly did not know the answer. He could think of nothing to rebel against, except Snape and his slimy snakes. Apart from them everything was fine at Hogwarts.

He attended the best school of Witchcraft and Wizardry in the world and that school was currently being run by Albus Dumbledore, the finest Headmaster that the school had ever seen. The teachers were the best in the world, and there were no safety issues to kick up a fuss about as Hogwarts was the safest place in all of Wizarding Britain.

To Harry's mind, both Luna and Natalie had to be wrong.

But he couldn't do anything about this situation because his legs were still locked together and Luna had so very kindly taken it upon herself to steal his wand.

His thoughts were interrupted by Natalie whispering "Hey, look!"

Harry turned. They were sitting in the uppermost row of seats at Luna's insistence. She thought that they could keep a lookout for any approaching teachers and move off before they were caught.

Natalie was standing on the back bench and looking over the wall at the back. Luna stood up to get a look as well and, after some awkward shuffling on his part, Harry was able to get upright enough to peer over the wall too.

Professor McGonagall and Professor Tonks had come down from the castle and were now approaching the doors to the Quidditch changing rooms.

Thanking every deity he could think of that there was finally someone nearby who could help him Harry opened his mouth and shouted, but no sound came out. He frowned and turned to Luna who was pocketing her wand, her eyes still fixed upon the scene below.

Harry turned back to watch as Professor McGonagall raised her wand and unlocked the door. She and Professor Tonks went in.

A few moments later there was some shouting and the sound of spells being fired. Then suddenly a boy burst out through the door and began sprinting across the lawn. He didn't get very far before Professor Tonks appeared and brought him crashing down with a stunning spell.

Harry had to concede that that was rather odd behaviour for a teacher, even one dealing with wayward students.

"We have to move," hissed Luna, and she and Natalie downed down behind the wall.

Harry felt his legs free up, then Natalie grabbed his hand and began tugging in his arm, trying to get him to follow her and Luna towards the opposite end of the stadium.

And for reasons that Harry could not fathom, he followed.



* * *



"We've got Arthur and Molly Weasley detained downstairs," said Scrimgeour as he entered Amelia's office "William wasn't at home though. They claim he was at work, but we have contacted Gringotts and they have confirmed that there are no wizards on duty tonight."

"Then he's probably at Hogwarts with the others," replied Amelia. "Mad-Eye wasn't home and neither were Shacklebolt or Diggle. However Dawlish successfully apprehended Emmeline Vance, Proudfoot arrested Sturgis Podmore and Savage just got back with Arabella Figg."

Just then another appeared at the door and said "Sorry boss, but Lupin's place was empty. Doesn't look like it's been used in months."

Amelia nodded. "Very well, thank you Williamson. Stand by for further orders."

After the man had gone, Scrimgeour said "So, it seems he's also at Hogwarts."

"Or their Headquarters with Black," responded Amelia.

Over the next half hour several more Aurors came in. Rhobards had successfully apprehended Elphias Doge but apart from him every other team came back empty handed.

This meant that Hestia Jones, William Weasley, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Alastor Moody, Dedalus Diggle, Mundungus Fletcher, Remus Lupin and fourteen others were either at the Order's Headquarters or more likely at Hogwarts assisting Dumbledore and the other staff.

The only ones not likely to be at Hogwarts were Charlie Weasley, who was known to still be in Romania, Rubeus Hagrid, who had been unaccounted for since around the start of the recent summer holidays, and Sirius Black, who was likely to be maintaining a low profile at the Order's Headquarters.

They were now going to have to hit Hogwarts and hit it hard.

This meant summoning in every Auror, every Hit Wizard and every Law Enforcement Officer that could be found in a short space of time and who could be trusted.

Croaker volunteered the services of the Unspeakables to aid the DMLE in making the arrests at the castle and Amelia agreed.

Cyrus Greengrass, meanwhile, went off with two other Unspeakables in order to examine the talisman more closely.

The raid would begin in forty minutes.



* * *



"Luna, where exactly are we going?" asked Harry as they traipsed along in the dark.

"I don't know," replied Luna, honestly. "We just need to keep you safe."

"We've been wandering about in the dark for over an hour!" Harry complained, but Luna ignored him.

He was right. They had been going around for that long, and Harry's recollection of why they were moving around was beginning to slip. The incident at the Quidditch Changing Rooms was already hazy in his mind.

They had succeeded in giving Professors McGonagall and Tonks the slip and were just nearing the front gates of the school when they heard a strange hissing noise.

"Psst!"

The three paused and looked around.

"Psst!" the sound came again, this time followed by a voice "Up here!"

Harry looked up into the branches of the tree nearest to him. "It's too dark," he replied. "I can't see you."

Suddenly a pair of legs swung down from one of the branches and someone jumped down.

"Katie!" exclaimed Harry upon recognising his Quidditch Teammate. "Finally, a familiar face."

"Oi!" said another voice as a second person jumped down. "What am I then, Potter? Chopped liver?"

Harry eyed Pansy Parkinson wearily. A moment later a third girl jumped down, this one also a Slytherin, but younger than Pansy and whose name Harry did not know. Well, he did know it, he just didn't have the ability to remember ever knowing it.

"That's it!" he said, a little too loudly for the comfort of the others. "There are snakes involved in this. I should have known. They probably put the imperius curse on the rest of you to get you to go along with this. Come on, let's get up to the castle and Dumbledore can sort this out."

He reached out to grab Katie and Natalie by the arms but both wrenched themselves out of his grasp.

"Harry, they did nothing to us," retorted Katie. "It's Dumbledore that's the problem. He's-"

"Oh, spare me!" snapped Harry "I've already heard enough of this crap from these two. I've had enough of it and I'm going back up to the castle."

He turned to go, but Katie grabbed a hold of him.

"Get off!" shouted Harry, causing the others to freeze.

A few moments later there came the sound of hurried footsteps, and then they were blinded by the light of two wands.

"Well, what do we have here?" asked a gruff voice.

Recognising the voice, Harry squinted his eyes against the light and asked "Professor Moody?"

The man lowered his wand a little to allow Harry to see him better as he answered "I ain't your Professor anymore, Potter, not that I ever got around to teaching ya much. Right Bill, come on. Let's get this lot up to the castle."

"We're not going anywhere," said Katie, defiantly.

"You'll do as you're told," barked Moody "It's not safe to be outside the castle at this time of night."

"Katie for Merlin's sake!" exclaimed Harry "Let's just get up to the castle and we can get this whole thing sorted out."

"Harry, we can't go up to the castle, I told you," said Luna.

"Enough, Luna," replied Harry. "That's enough."

"Come on you lot," said Bill "Let's go."

Katie squared her shoulders, determined to go down fighting, but then she caught sight of McGonagall and Tonks hurrying towards them and her shoulders slumped.

They had lost.

"Oh, Alastor," exclaimed McGonagall. "Thank you for finding them."

She rounded on the students and went into lecture mode "Well, I don't know what you lot were thinking wandering around the castle at this time of night. You've had your Heads of House in a real panic. Rest assured, you will be severing detention for this. Now come on. Off we go."

Harry began walking without a fuss and, after sharing a look with the others, Katie bowed her head and followed on, Luna behind her with Natalie at her side and Pansy and Astoria bringing up the rear.

They hadn't gone very far when Moody's magical eye spun around to look through the back of his head and saw the threat. He turned and blocked the first few spells, but with thirty wands aimed at him he was only going to last a few moments before hitting the ground.

Harry instinctively spun around and grabbed Natalie, dragging her to the floor as Katie did the same for Luna and Pansy for Astoria.

In no time at all, McGonagall, Bill and Tonks joined Moody on the floor.

Harry looked up and saw the group of people running towards them. He raised his wand and fired a stunning spell that was easily deflected. A moment later he was disarmed and many hands were pulling him and the girls to their feet.

"Get off them!" he shouted, reaching out to grab Luna out of their clutches.

An arm wrapped around him and a female voice said into his ear "Calm down Harry. We're here to help you."

Harry rounded on the woman, took one look at her and spat "Who the hell are you?"

Worst fears confirmed, Amelia gestured to Savage for him and two others to get the six students out of there.

The girls allowed themselves to be escorted offsite without a fuss, but Harry was rather vocal in his displeasure.



* * *



Dumbledore had seen the whole thing on the map and, with a sinking feeling he knew that his time was almost up. Despite his best efforts, news of what had transpired at Hogwarts over the last day or so had obviously reached the outside world and the Ministry had decided to take action.

His actions had been a gamble, and Dumbledore knew that he had just lost.

Amelia Bones and her team had just taken down four of his best wands and "rescued" six of his students near the front gates of the school.

A team being led by Rufus Scrimgeour were just approaching the main viaduct that led to the Entrance Courtyard and Gawain Rhobards was just leading his team onto the covered bridge.

Nearly one hundred wizards and witches, made up of a combination of Aurors, Hit Wizards, Law Enforcement Officers and even Unspeakables were now moments away from storming the castle.

If he allowed them in of course.

He drew his wand and incanted "Colloportus totalem."

Around the school every door and window that led outside swung shut and locked securely.

Satisfied that they would be held off for quite a while, Dumbledore retreated to his office to gather his things. Once he was inside the office he checked one of the many silver instruments that sat upon one of his tables. After a quick examination he confirmed that the tracking charms the he had placed upon the boy the previous evening had already been discovered and removed.

Harry Potter had been moved beyond his grasp, and without Harry Potter his latest actions were all for nothing. Worse, the Order had now been compromised.

Dumbledore was well aware that his actions could see him placed in Azkaban by overzealous Ministry officials, but Azkaban was not somewhere that Dumbledore intended to go.

It was time to leave.



* * *



The front doors of Hogwarts castle creaked and groaned under the strain that they were being put under. Upon finding all points of entry to the castle to be locked, Madam Bones had ordered for the doors to be broken down. As such, three doors were now being put under immense strain by the wands of the Ministry wizards gathered outside. Amelia's team was attempting to get in through the door near the Herbology Greenhouses, Rhobards' team was working on the door that stood at the foot of the Clock Tower and Scrimgeour's team was blasting away at the front doors.

With a crack the doors to the Clock Tower finally gave way. A few moments later the door near the Greenhouses went the same way and two of the three teams stormed the castle.

Dumbledore saw this on the map, and watched as Rhobards' team encountered Kingsley and Mundungus. Both men were taken down easily.

For a moment, Dumbledore considered bringing the statues and suits of armour within the school to life and have them confront the raiders, but ultimately decided against it. He shrunk his gathered belongings, stowed them away in one pocket, put his wand in the other and called for Fawkes.

The Phoenix launched itself off of his perch and soared towards Dumbledore. Clasping onto the collar of Dumbledore's robes, the Phoenix disappeared in a flash of flame, taking his passenger with him.

In his haste to leave, Dumbledore forgot to take one important item with him.



* * *



The team led by Scrimgeour finally brought down the front doors to the castle and they stormed in. Any member of staff or member of the Order of the Phoenix found within was quickly brought down and arrested.

Amelia's team were the first to locate the students imprisoned in classroom 7B and Scrimgeour's team were the ones to gain access to Dumbledore's office.

Scrimgeour looked about the office, his feelings a mixture of anger and dismay. Dumbledore was gone.

He was just about to order his group to leave the office when one of the Law Enforcement Officers drew his attention to the Headmaster's desk.

The Head Auror approached and picked up the piece of parchment that lay there. It was a map of Hogwarts, one that showed the location of everyone within the castle.

Dumbledore had witnessed their every move and escaped with ease.

When this got out, the press would have a field day.



* * *



A/N: Well there you go. It's shorter than the last few chapters have been, but I tried making it longer in places but ended up repeating myself so left it at that.

I know that Dumbledore getting away will please no one, but honestly what did you think would happen? He had the map and he had Fawkes so they stood no chance of catching him.

On the bright side though, the Order is ruined and the students are free. Next chapter will deal with the aftermath and see the Order and Staff being questioned.





*Chapter 27*: Repercussions


			Sorry for the delay. Some chapters can be a real pain to write and this little b***h fought me all the way!

Also, the chapter doesn't have a title yet because I couldn't think of one. Any ideas would be appreciated! Thanks.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 27: Repercussions

It was four in the morning and the first hint of the approaching sunrise was just beginning to appear in the sky as the tawny owl winged its way across the Wiltshire countryside. The letter tied to its leg had been written in a hurry, and the writer had urged the bird to fly with all the haste it could muster.

Soundlessly it soared above a line of oak trees and then passed through a protective ward. Ahead there loomed a manor house. The keen eyes of the owl made out the shapes of three or four white peacocks sleeping together beside a fountain. The owl had been to this manor before, but there had been many more peacocks back then. The owl wondered what had happened to them.

The owl located and open window on the second floor and swooped inside. Malfoy Manor was dark, but that was of no concern to the owl. The room that it had entered was the master bedroom, though it was currently unoccupied. The door that led out into the hallway beyond was open and the owl flew through, searching for someone to give its letter to.

It flew along the corridor and down two flights of stairs before coming spotting a person. He was a short man dressed all in black, standing in front of a door as through to guard it. The magical charms that were placed on post owls told the bird that the person it had to give its letter to was on the other side of the door.

The man saw the owl coming and opened the door behind him. "You have an owl, my Lord," he announced.

"Let it in," replied a voice on the other side of the door.

The man pushed the door open and the owl flew through. There was only one man on the other side of the door, if indeed he could be called a man at all. The owl had never seen a person so ugly, and who radiated such an evil aura.

Bound to its duty the owl flew down and dropped the letter into his lap before turning in mid-air and soaring straight back towards the door, fully intending to get as far away from the man as it could, as fast as it could.

It was less than six feet from the door when the snake struck, lunging upwards with its mouth wide open. Dozens of needle-like fangs pierced the owl's body and pumped in enough venom to bring down a water buffalo. The owl screeched in agony, and its wings beat furiously on either side of the snake's head, but to no avail. In a matter of seconds the owl slipped into unconsciousness and the snake began to swallow its early breakfast.

Lord Voldemort watched all this with an amused smile on his face. Nagini was such a ruthless companion. Cross breeding a black mamba and a reticulated python had not been an easy task as, despite the fact that they were both snakes, they were not closely related, but it had been worth it. Nagini was the embodiment of the two most lethal aspects of the two kinds of snakes, the toxicity of the venomous species and the crushing strangulation of the constrictors.

Turning his attention away from his pet, Voldemort opened the letter in his hands. It was from Thaddeus Nott, one of his longest serving followers.

My Lord,

I have just received word from my sources within the Department of Magical Law Enforcement that Severus Snape has been captured at the scene of a crime and is being questioned extensively. My sources to not yet know of the crime he committed or how far the questioning will go, but I am aware that the Department of Mysteries may be involved to some extent in the questioning process. As you were hoping to operate in secret for the time being it is needless to say that Snape's capture could potentially leave us exposed.

I await further instructions.

Yours in servitude,

Thaddeus Nott, Head of the Ancient and Noble House of Nott.

Nott still insisted on using the title of 'Ancient and Noble' for his house despite the fact that they had been stripped of the 'Noble' status some years ago.

Voldemort set the letter aside and began to think. Snape's capture had the potential to be disastrous for him at this point. Even before his resurrection he had planned to keep a low profile immediately following his return and, thanks to the Ministry's determination to not believe that he had returned, that had remained his modus operandi even after the Potter runt had escaped him.

There were things that he had needed to do before restarting his reign of terror, and he had not yet done them. Although most of those who had escaped prison following his temporary banishment had returned to his side, there weren't many of them. Thirty wizards were dangerous, especially with Voldemort leading them, but he needed more.

Macnair was currently off recruiting from the giant colonies and attempts had been made to contact Fenrir Greyback about restarting their old alliance but neither had yet yielded significant results. Recruiting of the Dementors of Azkaban was also a proving painstakingly slow process and until Voldemort had them on side it would be foolish even for on as powerful as he to attempt to 'rescue' those followers of his who were imprisoned with Azkaban's walls.

He had not yet gotten around to contacting the vampires or to recruiting wizards from other countries.

Worse, he still had not gotten to hear that damned prophecy in full. That, above all else, was his most important goal, a goal that he was nowhere near achieving. Every reconnaissance mission carried out, mostly by Wormtail in his animagus form, had proved fruitless. The closest they could get to the Hall of Prophesy was the narrow, dimly lit corridor that stood at the top of the staircase that led down to the Ministry Courtrooms. The door at the end which led to the Department of Mysteries rarely seemed to open and when it did it always snapped shut before anyone could sneak in.

Two days ago Pettigrew had succeeded in discovering an anti-animagus ward on the door, which meant that, even if Pettigrew had managed to scamper inside in his Wormtail form, he would be exposed immediately. So it was just as well that Pettigrew had not succeeded in entering, as his getting captured would likely reveal the truth about Sirius Black, someone who Voldemort really needed the Ministry to continue to use as a scapegoat.

Snape did not know about the attempts to get into the Department of Mysteries, but he did know about the recruitment attempts and knew which Death Eaters had returned to Voldemort's side.

This could prove disastrous. There was no choice. If he wanted to keep what followers he had, he would have to bring them to his side and keep them there. They would all have to abandon their homes, and Malfoy Manor included.

He summoned the guard.



* * *



Griselda Marchbanks entered Hogwarts to find it in turmoil. All the students had been taken from their dormitories and gathered in the Great Hall where Aurors, Unspeakables and Healers were now going around to each one in order to determine the damage done.

She caught Amelia's attention when the Head of the D.M.L.E looked up and together the pair found a secluded location in which to talk.

"How bad is it?" asked Griselda, once they were alone in an office that had once belonged to a former Professor.

"It's bad, but it could easily have been much worse," replied Amelia. "So far every student tested has been shown to be under the influence of a strong acceptance potion, something designed to make them accept what they see or are told without question. Obviously this is a terrible thing but it could easily have been something much more sinister. So far only Mr Potter is in a worse state. He's at St Mungo's now, being examined by the very best mind healers."

"Were all the staff involved?"

"Most were. We found Dolores Umbridge in the Hospital Wing under the influence of Draught of Living Death and we found Sibyl Trelawney passed out in her classroom, apparently from drinking too much sherry. Rubeus Hagrid was not to be found anywhere within the castle, but it seems that he has been unaccounted for since shortly after the end of the last school year. Everyone else was involved."

"Willingly?"

"Aurora Sinistra, Septima Vector and Bathsheba Babbling each tested positive for controlling potions. Everyone else appears to have acted freely."

Griselda found herself having to sit down after that. After a few moments she spoke "Well, it goes without saying that Hogwarts is going to have to close. No matter what evidence you find, I'm going to be making sure that the majority of the school's Professors, along with the Headmaster, Caretaker and Mediwitch are fired. We will probably have to get rid of Hagrid as well and Trelawney, if her drinking was of her own volition."

"We believe it was," put in Amelia.

"So that will leave Dolores, Aurora, Septima and Bathsheba as the sole remaining members of staff within the castle… assuming any of them are willing to stay on after this, of course."

"What will become of the students?"

"We will make arrangements for them to be sent home once each has been examined. Later, I will speak to Professor Winston at Waxwings School. Hopefully I can convince her to take in Hogwarts' students until we can get the castle sorted out."

Amelia grimaced at that. Waxwings School was a school for magic, but not quite of the same calibre as Hogwarts.

The students of Hogwarts generally fell into one of three categories. The first category were those who were from the three highest ranking groups of families, the "Ancient and Noble," the "Ancient" and the "Noble." These families had the funds to send all their children to Hogwarts.

The second category consisted of the "Lesser" and "Clan" families. These families could usually only afford to send their oldest child to Hogwarts. The rest went to Waxwing School. On occasion a child form a "New blood" family joined this group, but it was rare.

And the third category consisted of the Muggleborns. Well, the rich ones anyway.

There were a few anomalies that did not follow this pattern, but the general rule was that Hogwarts was for the rich, Waxwings was for the rest.

"That could cause problems, Griselda," Amelia warned her friend. "While I myself don't see a problem with sending Susan to Waxwings for a few weeks or months while this mess is sorted out, I can think of several families who will take issue with it."

"Then it will be up to them to make other arrangements for their children," replied Griselda. "This will be a temporary solution and is the best that we can offer. If they don't like it, they can arrange for their children to attend Beauxbatons or Durmstrang."

Amelia nodded in acceptance and asked "Any ideas on when Hogwarts might reopen?"

Griselda shook her head. "There's no way of knowing. We will have to find a new Headmaster, Deputy Headmaster, three Heads of House and teachers for every subject except Astronomy, Ancient Runes, Arithmancy and History. Then there is the support staff to consider."

"One healer, one caretaker, one keeper of the keys and grounds," listed Amelia.

"Then there are the House Elves. We don't yet know how much of a role they played in all of this but…"

"Of course," agreed Amelia. Her opinion of House Elves had grown vastly after the attack on Sarah Abbott, but now a darker side had become clear. These creatures rarely thought for themselves, instead being determined to do their duty to their master and family. With Sarah this had saved her life.

With Hogwarts, it could well be that the Elves had simply administered the potions to the students simply because Dumbledore had told them to. Not exactly their fault, but still a serious issue when the Headmaster turned out as Dumbledore had.

The Ministry was going to have a busy few weeks ahead of it. Not only did they have to sort out the Order of the Phoenix and hunt down Dumbledore, now they also had to completely reorganise Hogwarts from the lowest rung right to the top.



* * *



The fifth floor of St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries was home to the Visitors' Tearoom and the Hospital Shop. Nobody could say that it was a particularly pleasant place to wait around at the best of times, but at this time of day it was an especially depressing place to be.

The shop was shut, leaving a quarter of the floor in darkness. There was no food available and the tea and coffee available was weak and lukewarm.

Natalie MacDonald was asleep, curled up against her mother's side, the woman having wrapped her arm around her shoulders. Mrs MacDonald was asleep too, as was Mr MacDonald.

On Natalie's other side, Katie Bell, who had been determinedly fighting off sleep for the past few hours, did that strange thing where you just begin to drift off to sleep while in a sitting position and accidentally nod yourself awake. It's one of those things that instantly wakes you up because you are so embarrassed about having done it in public and really hope that no one saw you.

Katie rubbed her eyes and got up out of her seat. She made her way over towards the shop and tried to distract herself by picking up and flicking through a book entitled "The Adventures of Martin Miggs, the Mad Muggle: The First 10 Years!"

The omnibus edition of comic strips from the 1960's was not very engaging and before long she returned it to its place on the shelf before leaning against a nearby pillar and looking around the room.

Shortly after they had arrived at the Hospital along with Harry, Katie and the others had each been given a medical examination in order to check for potion influence while the Aurors who had escorted them there had contacted their respective parents.

By the time each of the girls were given the all clear, each of their parents had arrived, except for Pansy's. For some reason or another, the aurors simply could not locate Pansy's family.

Katie's parents had wanted to take her home right there and then, but she had been adamant that she would not leave until she knew that Harry would be ok. Luna, Natalie and Astoria each agreed with this sentiment and eventually their parents had relented and taken them up to the Tearoom to await news regarding Harry.

Pansy had remained with them, though whether this was through choice or through having no other option was a mystery.

Apart from two Law Enforcement Officers who were waiting by the double doors that led to the stairs, Katie was the only person awake at the moment. The three aurors who had accompanied them to the Hospital had since returned to the castle.

The doors opened and Daphne Greengrass entered the room. One of the Officers stopped her, but after a few quick words he let her go. Realising that Katie was the only person awake, Daphne made a beeline for her.

"How's Potter doing?" she asked.

"No word yet," replied Katie. "How did-?"

"Madam Bones told me when she explained where my mother and sister were."

Katie nodded. "So I assume they've kicked everyone out of Hogwarts then?"

"Only those of us to have escaped being potioned. Everyone else is being kept for observation until the dosage wears off. Hey, why's Pansy here?"

"Didn't you know? She got your sister out when the ambush happened. She's been with us all night."

"Really? Where are her parents?"

"No one can reach them. Several floo calls were attempted and two Aurors even went to their house but there was no answer."

"Interesting. I wonder if they had anything to do with the attack."

"Attack? What attack?"

"Sarah Abbott was attacked in her home a few hours before the Aurors showed up at Hogwarts. They caught someone at the scene but Mrs Abbott was in a pretty bad way. Hannah's downstairs now trying to get information."

"Bloody hell. Is Hannah alright?"

"I doubt it. Susan's with her, so at least she's not alone."

Katie nodded before asking "So why do you think Pansy's parents might have been involved in the attack?"

Daphne shrugged her shoulders and replied "Look, you and I both know that Pansy's father was arrested once for being a Death Eater, but got off. Now, I'm not saying that he was a Death Eater, but Sarah Abbott would be a prime target t anyone wanting to cause distress to Harry Potter, and who would want to cause him distress more than a Death Eater?"

"I suppose you have a point. But why now?"

Daphne looked around the room before leaning in closer and whispering "Do you remember the story that was told to us after Cedric Diggory died?"

"Yes. What about it?"

Daphne said nothing more, but she didn't need to. Her look answered everything.



* * *



Hannah Abbott and Susan Bones stood in the middle of a dimly lit corridor on the fourth floor of the hospital, arms around each other as Hanna cried her eyes out. When Amelia had told her that her mother had been seriously injured in an attack, it felt like a hot knife had been driven through her heart.

A female Auror had agreed to escort Hannah and Susan to St Mungo's, and she now stood guard outside Sarah's private room.

They heard hurried footsteps coming along the corridor towards them, and Hannah raised her head from Susan's shoulder in order to see if it was a healer.

Susan felt like her eardrum ruptured when Hannah let out a sudden, loud shriek of "Daddy!" Rubbing a hand against her ear, she turned to watch as her best friend ran along the corridor and collided with her father, Edward Abbott.

Father and daughter embraced as the sounds of a fresh round of sobbing filled the air.

Behind Susan, the door to Sarah's room opened and a Healer stepped out. The man looked around before heading towards Edward and Hannah.

"Mr Abbott? I'm Healer Turpin. I've been overseeing the care of your wife."

"How is she?" asked Edward.

"She's stable for now, thanks largely to your family's House Elves who put her under stasis. We've just identified the curse that hit her as a dark cutting charm is known by the incantation sectumsempra. Two healers are casting the reversal incantation as we speak and she should be healed in a matter of minutes and awake again within the hour. Naturally we will want to keep her here for a couple of days for observation, but after that she should be good to go."

"Oh, thank Merlin!" exclaimed Edward before turning to Hannah. "You hear that, honey? Mum's going to be fine."

Hannah nodded and swiped at the tear on her cheek in an attempt to get rid of it, but more tears flowed, though now they were tears of joy.



* * *



Not too far away from them, three of the finest mind healers in Britain were currently examining Harry Potter in a private room, trying to discover what, if any, alterations had been made to his mind by Dumbledore and his people.

Harry had not wanted to be examined and had been quite vocal about his desire to leave. However, given the circumstances the decision was not his to make. The Ministry had ordered a medical examination of him and they were duty-bound to give it. In the end they'd had to sedate him in order to allow them to carry out their work.

They had been informed that Mr Potter had begun practicing occlumency and had supposedly gotten to the point where he could block out mild intrusions.

Either their information was wrong, or all of Mr Potter's hard work in learning occlumency had been completely undone, and rather viciously at that!

The many silvery spheres containing his thoughts and memories were now scattered all over the place in every direction. There was no organisation to it at all and any protections that might have been put in place were now gone.

In amongst all the silvery spheres there was more evidence of wrongdoing. Most of the spheres were standard ones, containing the thoughts and memories of Harry. But here and there, there were different spheres.

Some were as black as a lump of coal, looming ominously here and there. These were obliviated memories. As far as the average witch or wizard was concerned, an obliviation meant that a memory was erased. To those in the know, an obliviated memory was still there, but completely blocked off. There were no known means of unblocking an obliviated memory, except perhaps extreme torture, but the memory was undoubtedly still there.

Other spheres were just the opposite. They glowed with a pearly-white sheen, shining brightly amongst the rest. These were false memories, implanted within Harry's mind to replace those that were blocked.

Whoever had actually done this certainly knew what they were doing.

The healers could do nothing to reverse the obliviations, but they could remove the false memories. After that they would have to track down the various people who had been in contact with Harry during the period of time that had been obliviated from his mind. By borrowing their memories and letting him view them, he could at least bypass the obliviations to some extent.

Well, that was the theory anyway. Such a thing had never actually been attempted before.



* * *



"So you have no idea why you are here, Arthur?" asked Scrimgeour.

"Apart from what little you told me while arresting me, I have no idea why I'm here," replied Arthur Weasley, evenly.

Following his arrest in the middle of the night, Arthur had been taken to the Ministry, where two Healers had awaited his arrival. They examined him for influential potions, but seemed to find nothing. Then he had been escorted to a holding cell and left there until about ten minutes ago when two unspeakables had arrived to escort him to the questioning room.

One of the unspeakables had removed Arthur's glasses and the other had placed a blindfold over his eyes. They had then marched the blindfolded man along several corridors until that arrived in the room in which they were currently sitting. He had been pushed down into the chair that sat in the middle of the room and cold steel chains had quickly secured themselves around Arthur's wrists and ankles, shackling him to the chair.

The blindfold had then been whipped off and Arthur had blinked as his eyes struggled to adjust. Someone put his glasses onto his face, allowing the room to come into focus.

Around him were two unspeakables, four aurors and Head Auror Rufus Scrimgeour.

Scrimgeour leaned forwards and fixed Arthur with an intense glare before speaking.

"Last night a man dressed in full Death Eater costume attacked the home of the Abbott family. Sarah Abbott was the only one home at the time and she was gravely injured. Fortunately the family's two House Elves were able to disable the attacker and put the Lady of the House in a magical stasis to prevent her bleeding to death.

"The attacker was Severus Snape, Arthur."

Arthur's eyes widened and his skin paled as the ramifications slowly began to become clear.

"Once we got him to the Ministry we questioned Snape, using everything we had at our disposal. He thinks himself to be a good occlumens, but we soon had him singing like a canary. He told us all sorts of things Arthur.

"In particular he told us that he had received orders to kill Sarah Abbott from Albus Dumbledore himself."

"No," whispered Arthur, in disbelief.

"He also informed us of a seedy plot taking place up at Hogwarts Castle, one designed to ensure that Harry Potter listened to once voice, and one voice only; Dumbledore's."

Arthur shook his head.

Scrimgeour pressed on "By the time we got to him, Harry Potter had been subjected to memory altering spells and behaviour altering potions. He is nothing like the person he was on Saturday morning.

But Dumbledore did not stop there. He knew that the students of Hogwarts would notice a sudden change in Mr Potter's behaviour and so he organised several counter-measures. First there were the members of the Order of the Phoenix who were stationed around the castle in order to intercept all post owls. Second, and far more sinister, was the attempted administration of blind acceptance potions to all the student population.

"I say attempted because when we arrived at the castle, there were around forty students found in a classroom on the seventh floor. They had caught on to what was happening and had attempted to avoid being caught in the web. They were rounded up and locked in that room, under the guard of many members of the Order of the Phoenix, including your oldest son, as well as a substantial portion of the school staff.

"What we need to know from you, Arthur, is why?"

Arthur Weasley swallowed nervously, and then he began to talk.



* * *



The door opened and Healer Turpin stepped out. Looking around she quickly spotted the father and daughter sitting on some waiting chairs just a little further down the corridor.

"She's awake," she announced, and the duo immediately got up and hurried towards the door, with Susan trailing behind.



* * *



Amelia sat down in the chair behind her desk and poured herself a cup of tea from the pot. It was now just after nine thirty in the morning and this was the first break that she had taken since lunchtime of the previous day.

Having interviewed Arthur, Molly and William Weasley, Minerva McGonagall, Filius Flitwick, Pomona Sprout, Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks and Poppy Pomfrey, Amelia and the other interrogators had agreed to take a one-hour recess in order to recuperate before continuing their work.

So far only the three Weasleys and Tonks had been willing to talk to any real extent. While all of them were obviously firmly entrenched within the 'Dumbledore can do no wrong' camp, their reasons for being so were at least somewhat understandable.

For the Weasley family, it was a case of financial support. After Molly's brothers, Gideon and Fabian Prewitt had been killed while serving the Order of the Phoenix in the first war against Voldemort, Dumbledore had personally paid for each of Molly and Arthur's children to attend Hogwarts.

Personally, Amelia was certain that there had to be more to it than that, but whatever the true reasons, the perceived generosity on Dumbledore's part had secured the loyalty of the Weasley family who, after all, would only have been able to send Bill to Hogwarts and the rest to Waxwings.

Tonks was a different matter. Initially she had joined the Order of the Phoenix due to a recommendation from Alastor Moody, whom she had been protégé to during her final year of training to become an Auror. Initially Tonks had been loyal because Moody was, but, thanks in large part to Dumbledore giving her a job after she was fired from the Auror corps, Tonks was now as loyal to Dumbledore as any Weasley.

So far everyone else had remained tight lipped. This, coupled with the lack of influencing potions in their respective bodies led Amelia to assume that they were loyal to Dumbledore because he had something on them.

In her years working for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, she had encountered more than a few people who had been acting due to coercion, people who has a secret that someone else knew and who was prepared to do anything to keep it quiet.

Severus Snape was a prime example of this, and Amelia had good reason to believe that Mundungus Fletcher could well have been in the same spot.

Her musings were interrupted by a knock at the door.

"Come in," she called out.

The door opened and her secretary, Helen, entered the office.

"Ma'am? The Minister is here to see you."

'Of course' she thought bitterly before nodding her head.

"Let him in."

Cornelius Fudge was in full blustering mode when he entered. Amelia did not relish being the one who had to tell him everything.

"Amelia, we need some damage control out here," the portly man said as he began pacing back and forth in front of her desk. "We've hot howlers from angry parents exploding all over the place, there are parents here who are just about ready to string up the next Ministry official they see and we've got more journalists skulking about than there were at Lucius Malfoy's trial at the end of the war."

"There is very little that I can do about that right now, Minister," she replied evenly. "Between searching and securing Hogwarts, guarding St Mungo's, guarding are prisoners and digging through anything and everything that might help us get answers out of said prisoners, my Aurors and Law Enforcement Officers are stretched thin enough as it is."

"Amelia, I'm afraid that you don't quite understand the severity of the situation," protested Fudge. "I've never seen the wizarding population as angry as they are today, and more and more of them keep arriving. A riot could break out at any second-"

Just then the door burst open and Helen came back into the room, looking terrified. "Minister! Madam Bones! There's a riot happening down in the atrium!"

"Oh, for Merlin's sake!" snapped Amelia as she stood up and drew her wand, flicking it to produce a dozen patronuses at once, each one a badger.

"Message for all Auror Personnel, report to the atrium immediately to deal with a riot. Law Enforcement Officers, remain where you are."

As the silvery badgers sped off in different directions, Amelia began making her way to the atrium.



* * *



Mould-on-the-Wold was a small village in Warwickshire, England. It was named for both the fact that it was located near the Cotswolds Hills and the fact that it was in general a damp, dank and mouldy place to live.

Between 1820 and 1890, Mould-on-the-Wold had become an important place to wizards. The general unpleasantness of the area meant that many muggles would up and leave the village whether they had anywhere else to go or not.

Wizards, who had magical means of dealing with the damp and the mould, did not mind living in Mould-on-the-Wold and before long it became quite a fashionable place to live. It was quiet and out of the way, and the relatively small number of muggle residents made it easier to practice magic without risking breaking the Statute of Secrecy.

In fact, by 1890, it would have taken only five more muggle families to move out and five wizarding families to move in for Mould-on-the-Wold, and the place would have become the second all-wizarding settlement in the UK, after Hogsmeade in Scotland.

Unfortunately, in 1891, there was an incident involving several muggle children, a pre-Hogwarts aged witch and her father. The result was that Ariana Dumbledore's magic was forevermore disrupted, five muggle children were mentally scarred for life, two muggle children would never walk again, Percival Dumbledore would spend the rest of his days in a cell in Azkaban and the rest of his family, including his sons Albus and Aberforth, moved away to Godric's Hollow.

The last muggles vacated Mould-on-the-Wold. The obliviators and magic-reversal squad had both done their best to reverse the damage done, but the muggles were left convinced that the village was an evil place.

The attack left its mark on the wizarding world as well. Mould-on-the-Wold was no longer a fashionable place for wizards to live and within five years all had left.

For ninety-nine years, Mould-on-the-Wold had been abandoned. No one came here anymore. Any roads that led to it had long since broken up and disappeared and the houses were slowly falling apart. The surrounding forest grew ever closer, and slowly but surely nature was reclaiming its old ground.

Which is why the local family of foxes had been utterly surprised when, just a few hours ago in the middle of the night, a ball of fire had appeared in the air in the middle of the village. Perhaps even more of a surprise was that, when the flames had burnt out, a man had been left standing there. A man dressed in utterly outlandish purple robes with golden suns, stars and moons on them which were matched by high-heeled boots and a pair of half-moon spectacles.

There was also a large bird on his shoulder, red feathered with a long, golden tail.

Since his arrival, the man had entered one of the houses and had been busy using his magic to restore it into something that was mildly habitable.

The wizards had mostly forgotten about Mould-on-the-Wold, and Albus Dumbledore suspected that even his brother Aberforth had forgotten that their family had ever owned the house in which he was now standing.

It was far from ideal, but it would do as Dumbledore spent the next few days trying to think about what his next move ought to be.

With a flick of his wand an enchanted fire ignited in the freshly repaired fireplace, filling the place with light and warmth. Another flick turned a rotten chunk of wood into a lovely chintz armchair and he settled down into it for a nap.

'Transfiguration really is the most wonderful form of magic,' he mused as his eyes grew heavy. As they closed, the last thing he saw before falling asleep was Fawkes, sitting on his new perch, tucking his head under his wing for a nap of his own.



* * *



Before anyone complains about the death of the owl, please let me explain. Last summer I was on holiday in Cornwall. Now, don't get me wrong, I love animals. I live in the countryside and I love listening to the sounds of nature, (case in point, Waxwings School is named for one of my favourite birds) but when you are woken up four or five times a night, seven nights in a row by some stupid owl hooting outside your bedroom window, you start to get annoyed. Personally I think tawny owls are beautiful birds, but this one b*****d owl was begging to get a shoe thrown at it by night two!

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Most of the Order has remained tight-lipped for various reasons, but at least now you know why the Weasleys followed Dumbledore so blindly. There will be more on that matter though, but I'm not instigating the good old plot device where the money was coming out of Harry's vault. That's been done enough!





*Chapter 28*: Memory Immersion


			I must confess to being a little bit surprised at you all. One of the biggest and most frequently asked questions regarding this story was actually answered in the last chapter, and yet no one picked up on it! Alright, so it was answered in a rather obscure and subtle way, and I did expect most people to miss it, but for all of you to miss it was quite surprising! Oh well, when it is finally answered for certain, keep in mind that Chapter 27 contained a massive hint.

Also I got a bit of flak from some people last chapter for suggesting that Obliviation has no known method of being reversed. Just to be completely clear, what Hermione does to her parents in the books is not, I repeat NOT an Obliviation. Despite what the films suggest, she uses a False Memory Charm on her parents, not an Obliviate. I know this to be a fact because, when they Obliviate Dolohov and Rowle, Hermione actually states that she has never performed an Obliviation before, therefore what she did to her parents was not Obliviate. Sorry film fans – I like to include things from the films as much as I can but in issues of major contradiction like this, I always view the books as the higher canon.

On a side note, there IS a known way to undo an Obliviate that I did forget about – excessive use of the torture curse, which Voldemort used to get Obliviated information out of Bertha Jorkins. Naturally neither the Staff of St Mungo's nor the Ministry of Magic will not be resorting to that method, as it leaves the victim in a similar state to Frank and Alice Longbottom.

Anyway, on with the show!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 28: Memory Immersion

Chief Healer Amadeus Hopkirk flipped through Harry Potter's file as he marched along a corridor of St Mungo's Hospital. The best mind healers that the hospital had to offer had assessed Harry Potter's mind and spent most of the previous few hours removing the false memories that had been placed in the boy's mind.

Now they had to work on getting around the obliviated memories. The theory was that with the false memories removed from Mr Potter's mind, they would be able to show him his missing memories but from the point of view of others. It was doubtful that this would restore his own memories, but it would at least enable him to fill in some of the blanks.

The problem was, the obliviated memories stretched back for at least a month or more, which could potentially make finding all the people who shared his memories a long and arduous task, depending on how many different people he interacted with on an individual basis.

There were also the memories from times when he was alone – his own private thoughts and feelings. There was little that they could do about those moments, other than hope that his mind would fill in the gaps on its own over time.

For now they had to focus on the big picture. As such their primary goal was to fill Harry in on the major themes of his life in recent weeks. Thankfully Amadeus had it on good authority that one of the biggest players in Mr Potter's life in recent history also happened to be one of the patients at the hospital, which was why he was hurrying to room 4C on the fourth floor of the hospital. With any luck Sarah Abbott would be up to sharing her memories and they could get Mr Potter on the fast track to becoming his old self once again.

Well, that was what they hoped, at least. Memory immersion had never actually been done before, but they had to try.

The Granger family lived in a modestly sized house in the suburbs of Winchester, a city located within Hampshire in the south of England. For most of the year, the house was only occupied by Daniel Granger and his wife Emma.

However, just a couple of hours ago their number had increased to three when a Magical Law Enforcement Officer from the Ministry of Magic had apparated their daughter home from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Now Hermione Granger was sitting on the edge of her bed and working herself up into a right state. Not for the first time since she had come home she wretched loudly and expelled some of the contents of her stomach into plastic bucket that sat on her lap. Her mother, who was next to her, rubbed gentle circles on her back.

"Hermione, you need to breathe dear. The Healers told you to rest."

"But –" Hermione tried to protest, fresh tears rolling down her cheeks "But –"

"I know," said Emma Granger, softly. "I know."

And she did know. An hour and a half before Hermione had been brought home, Emma and her husband had been visited at their dental practice by two Law Enforcement Officers, Muggleborns, who very carefully explained to the shocked dentists all that they knew of the recent events within Hogwarts Castle.

The very thought that such a thing could happen sickened both parents and Emma had left the practice immediately in order to wait for her daughter's arrival back at home.

While she did not yet know all the gritty details, Emma knew that her daughter had really looked up to the Headmaster of her school, and now the pedestal that she had placed the man upon in her mind had come crashing down in a most horrendous way.

That Harry Potter was somehow involved in all of this only served to make things worse. Again Emma did not have all the details, but she had deciphered enough to know that Hermione and Harry Potter were no longer friends, and it was Hermione's fault. And perhaps Dumbledore's too, at least to some extent.

Emma was becoming seriously worried for her daughter. The last time she had gotten so upset that she made herself sick was following her grandfather's death when she was just seven years old.

Hermione wretched again, but nothing came of it, indicating that her stomach was empty.

Emma placed the bucket to one side and wrapped her sobbing daughter into a protective, comforting hug.

It took a few minutes but finally Hermione's sobs began to subside until, in a strained voice, she asked "How could he do that?"

"Did you hear what that Law Enforcement Officer said before he left?"

Hermione nodded and repeated "Dumbledore fooled a lot of people."

"Exactly. You were one of many, Hermione. That man has let a lot of people down, his school, his students, their parents… But is he worth your tears?"

After a few moments, Hermione shook her head. Emma left her go and she sat up, no longer crying.

"It smells in here…" Hermione noted, as if realising it for the first time.

Emma smiled wryly, stood up, walked over to the window and opened it.

"There," she said "That should help. Now, I'm going to empty this thing and then I'll bring you a glass of water.

She picked up the bucket and made for the door, calling back as she passed through "Why don't you read a book to take your mind off things?"

Hermione nodded at the suggestion and got off of her bed to search through her trunk for her copy of Northanger Abbey, the novel by Jane Austen that she had taken with her to Hogwarts to read in her spare time.

Because there had been so little time to gather her things together before leaving the castle, everything had been thrown into her trunk in a rather haphazard manner. Hermione began pulling out all sorts of things, clothes, textbooks, parchment, in an attempt to find the novel.

Just as she pushed aside a spare set of robes, she came across a book. Not the one she was looking for, but it was her favourite book. "Was" in the past tense, that is.

It was "Hogwarts; A History" and it was currently open. A full-page photograph of Albus Dumbledore was looking up at her, smiling pleasantly and his eyes twinkling behind his half-moon glasses. On the opposite page there were several columns of text, discussing the role that Hogwarts Castle had played in the war against Lord Voldemort. Halfway down the page, though, there was an enlarged quote cutting through each of the columns, as some publications were wont to do.

It read:

"He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named never once targeted the castle itself, leading many to believe Albus Dumbledore to be one of the few people that he ever feared…"

The overwhelming feeling of devastation that had been overpowering all of her other emotions for the past few hours suddenly dissipated, to be replaced by a bubble of anger. The bubble quickly expanded, filling her with so much rage that she lifted the book out of her trunk and, with a primal scream, threw it across the length of her bedroom and out of the open window with such accuracy that most Quidditch captains, had they seen it, would have attempted there and then to sign her up as a starting Chaser whether she could fly on a broomstick or not.

There was a clang from outside, indicating that the book had hit something metallic, possibly the portable barbeque that had yet to be stored away for the winter.

The sound popped the bubble and her anger left her, leaving Hermione to sink back down onto her bed with her face buried in her hands.



* * *



Pansy Parkinson was lying on a bed in an unfamiliar bedroom. The heavy black curtains were drawn shut over the window, leaving a small, flickering candle on the bedside table as her only source of light.

She could, of course, have opened the curtains and let the sunlight in, but Pansy rather liked things this way. She did her best thinking when in an environment such as this. Something about the flicker of the candlelight and the gloom beyond the glow helped her to relax. If only they would let her take her written exams in these conditions…

She was currently at the Manor House of the Greengrass family. Try as they might, no one from the Ministry of Magic could track down her parents, leaving Pansy in a state of limbo.

After arriving at St Mungo's Hospital with Harry Potter, Astoria Greengrass, Katie Bell, Luna Lovegood and Natalie MacDonald, Pansy had been given a thorough check over by a pair of Healers, despite her insistence that she had avoided consuming the drugged food. Once the healers were satisfied, she had been sent to wait in the Visitor's Tearoom up on the fifth floor of the Hospital, under the guard of two Law Enforcement Officers.

She had purposefully sat away from the rest, not exactly feeling as though she belonged there and certainly not in the mood to impose herself upon others. From her seat against the far wall she had watched as first the MacDonalds had arrived for Natalie, followed by Mr Lovegood for his daughter, Luna, and the Bells for Katie.

All three girls had protested vociferously when their parents tried to get them to leave – all three girls were determined to learn of Harry Potter's well-being before they would even consider leaving.

A short while later Mrs Greengrass turned up for Astoria, accompanied by an Auror who had informed Pansy that all attempts to contact her parents so far had proved fruitless. Pansy had merely nodded her head in understanding before continuing to sit quietly, lost in thought.

At some point she, along with just about everyone else, had fallen asleep and sometime during that slumber Daphne Greengrass had arrived has well, freshly released from Hogwarts.

At nine-thirty a Healer had come up to speak to them, informing them that they had figured out what was wrong with Harry and that they believed that they could put it right. It was obvious to Pansy that the Healer had only told them that much in order to persuade them to go home and, luckily for him, that's exactly what they did, satisfied with the knowledge that Harry was in the best place possible and that he was okay… ish.

Pansy had been quite surprised when Astoria had persuaded her mother to let her go home with them, but she had not been in a position to reject the offer. With still no word from her parents, she could either have gone with the Greengrass family or remained in the St Mungo's Tearoom.

In truth, Pansy did not know what had made her take Astoria with her when the staff had discovered them all hiding in room 7B, all she knew was that she had grabbed the younger girl by the hand and run for it.

Whatever the reason, she was just glad that the Greengrass family was inclined to return the favour by giving her a place to stay.

But she could not stay there forever, though. She knew that much.

She wondered where her parents were. Had they been summoned by Voldemort? She knew that her father had received the Dark Mark during the last war, but to the best of her knowledge, her mother had not. Why would they both be summoned?

Perhaps the answer to that was linked to everything else that had been going on lately. Before he had been sent home, she had overheard Draco telling Theodore Nott that the he had overheard his father say that the Dark Lord was keeping a low profile while he went after information. Perhaps all these recent happenings had jeopardised that information and risked the Dark Lord to being exposed, forcing him to call all of his followers and their families to his side before they were rounded up.

That was the only thing Pansy could think of on that front, and it was as good a theory as any.

But she had to think of herself now. With her parents missing she would have to find other ways and means. Perhaps she would have to get into contact with the other side of her family, those that her father never talked about, except to curse their existence. Would they want anything to do with her? She didn't know.

There was also a chance that she would not get that far anyway. What if her parents did come for her? What if she was whisked away to hide with them and the Dark Lord? She didn't much fancy that!

So, despite having a place to stay, Pansy Parkinson was in still in limbo. She had a lot of thinking to do regarding her life and those in it.

Just to make matters worse, her tummy hurt and she could not stop the tears from leaking slowly from her eyes.



* * *



The home of Muriel Prewett was most certainly the home of a stuffy old spinster. Apart from a few books, everything in the house was at least a century old. The abrasive Muriel fussed about, muttering under her breath about anything and everything named Weasley as she cleared the decorative silk pillows off of her ancient sofa.

Meanwhile, three of her great-nephews and one great-niece lingered uncomfortably in the doorway, trying to stop their eyes from watering from the smell of dust balls and cabbage.

"Well," she grumbled at last. "If you're going to stay here then sit down. And I'll have no noise. Not while I'm reading Rita Skeeter."

And with that she sat herself down in a wing-backed armchair, pulled out a book entitled Armando Dippet: Master or Moron and promptly disappeared behind it.

Fred nudged Ginny in the back and, nervously, she made her way forwards, followed by Fred, George and then Ron. One by one they sat down upon the ancient sofa, which creaked ominously under their combined weight, and began looking around for something, anything, to occupy their minds.

They found nothing.

Ron let out a sigh, only to wince when Muriel lowered her book in order to glare at him. Ron's ears went pink as he cast his eyes downwards. This satisfied Muriel enough to resume her reading.

As they sat there, with only the monotonous tick-tock-tick-tock of the grandfather clock in the hallway providing reprieve from the suffocating silence, the four youngest Weasleys began to wonder just what they had been thinking when they had decided to come here rather than go to Percy's flat above the Slug and Jiggers Apothecary in Diagon Alley.



* * *



The Healers had run into a slight problem. While Sarah Abbott, her daughter Hannah and Hannah's friend Susan Bones had all been more than happy to supply memories for Harry Potter to view, Harry himself was not so keen on the idea of viewing them.

Given the events of the past few days his reluctance to let anything near his mind was quite understandable, but it was frustrating for those who only wanted to help him.

To make things more difficult, they could not just simply sedate him as they had when they had scanned his mind and removed the false memories that had been planted there by Dumbledore, as Harry needed to be conscious in order to view the memories contained within the hospital's pensieve.

They needed to call for backup.

Supported by her husband, and with Hannah and Susan following on behind, Sarah made her way to Harry's room.

It was clear to her from the moment that she stepped into the room that Harry did not recognise her. It was clear, however, that he still knew who Hannah and Susan were, for his eyes immediately became clouded with suspicion as they locked onto the pair of Hufflepuffs.

"What are they doing here?" he demanded, angrily.

"We're here to help you Harry," replied Hannah, sounding more than a little worried at his tone of voice.

"Help?" spat Harry in disgust. "Why would a Hufflepuff help me? I remember you two last year, badmouthing me at every turn, wearing those badges Malfoy made!"

"Harry," interrupted Sarah before his ranting could continue any further. "Harry, do you remember me? I'm Sarah. I was friends with your mother when I was at school."

Harry turned his anger filled eyes towards her and looked her up and down before replying "I have never seen you in my life."

"You have Harry. We met over the summer holidays. You just don't remember because you were Obliviated."

"That's what they keep saying," said Harry, gesturing towards the healers in the room. "But I didn't have any gaps in my memory before I came here."

"Harry, the person who Obliviated you placed false memories in your mind in order to fill in the blank spots that they left behind. The healers removed those false memories, but they can't unlock the Obliviated memories. That's why I'm here Harry. We want you to watch other people's memories of what you did during the summer so that you can fill in the blank spots. We have a pensieve and a whole collection on memories for you to look at so that you can remember. Won't you please look at them?"

Harry stared at her for several long moments, clearly wrestling with his emotions. Finally he said "Prove that you knew my mother."

Seeing the opportunity for what it was and seizing it with both hands, Sarah turned to her husband and asked "Edward, could you go home and get the picture of Lily, Mary, Alice, Marlene and I that's on the mantelpiece?"

He nodded and left the room.



* * *



Waxwings School for Magic was located on the edge of the mostly magical village of Puddlemere in the Piddle Valley area of the county of Dorset. The School Building itself had once been the local primary school for the immediate area, having been built in 1750. A little over sixty years ago the local authority had decided that they could not justify having a school at Puddlemere as well as one at the nearby Puddletown, so the Puddlemere school had closed.

The building had been put up for sale and was purchased by a young wizard named Magnus Winston with the intention of opening a magical school aimed at providing an education for the poorer Lesser and Clan families, as well as poorer Muggleborns.

Waxwings, as it had been named, had soon risen in esteem and before long was outdoing the Frogspawn Academy, the original establishment with the same aims. Frogspawn Academy had been victim to years of mismanagement by richer purebloods who liked to boast about their involvement in "Giving the poor a chance" while at the same time actively keeping the standards low so that their own children would face less competition when it came to finding work.

Within five years of Waxwings School for Magic opening, Frogspawn Academy had closed down due to lack of student numbers. Since then Waxwings had gone from strength to strength, providing excellent education for those who simply could not afford Hogwarts, another institution that had been hijacked and led astray by the pure-bloods – Hogwarts having originally been intended for everyone now served the richer side of the wizarding world, no matter what others said.

It was to this school that Griselda Marchbanks was now headed. She and the two others with her walked over the wooden bridge that crossed the River Piddle (for which the area was named) and stepped onto Waxwings' grounds. Unlike Hogwarts, Waxwings did not have a lot of ground surrounding it. A short pathway ran up through a sloping lawn at the front of the school and large garden area used for Herbology could be found to the back of the school, but that was about it.

But then, the school did not specifically require a huge amount of land. The home pitch of the Puddlemere United Quidditch Team, along with their two training pitches, was within easy walking distance and the students of the school were granted permission to use the training pitches for their own practice. The village itself also had a large recreation ground, complete with a cricket pitch, a football pitch, a basketball hoop, two slides and a swing set, giving the students plenty of options.

The group passed through the front doors of the school and were met with a sign that read;

"All visitors must report to Reception."

Underneath those words was a decorative black arrow pointing off to the left. Turning that way they saw an office behind wooden framed glass walls. The door to it was open and a sign above the door read Reception.

Madam Marchbanks led the way into the office. There was no one sitting at the reception desk, instead the receptionist was standing by a filling cabinet, rifling through one of the drawers. When she did not look over at them, Griselda rang the bell on the desk.

"One moment, please," said the receptionist as she pulled a file out of the cabinet and shut it. She approached the fireplace in a corner where a disembodied head of a man was floating in the flames.

"The code is JJ713-2Q, Mr Knight," the receptionist read from the folder.

"Excellent," said the man. "I'll have the forms in the post this afternoon. Thanks again, Mrs Brydon."

With that his head disappeared from the fireplace and the flames died away.

The receptionist, now identified as one Mrs Brydon, returned to the filling cabinet and put the folder back before taking a seat behind her desk and addressing the three newcomers.

"Good afternoon and welcome to Waxwings School for Magic. How may I help you?"

"I'm Griselda Marchbanks from the Wizarding Examinations Authority. This is my co-worker Mr Russell Johnson and this is his assistant Miss Elisabeth Prang. We have a meeting scheduled with the Headmistress."

"Oh, of course; I was told to expect you. If you don't mind, we just need to give you some security clearance. Madam Marchbanks, if we could start with you…"

Griselda Marchbanks was stunned. Security clearance? She was the Head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority.

Sensing her surprise, Johnson came to her rescue. "I should probably have informed you before we got here, Griselda, but this is standard procedure at here at Waxwings. The examination administrators have to go through this every year here."

Griselda gave a nod of acceptance, now regretting never having visited Waxwings in person.

"What do you need for this security clearance?" she asked Mrs Brydon.

"Well to start with you will need to prove who you are," explained the receptionist. "Your Ministerial identification badge should suffice."

As Griselda opened her purse to locate her badge, Mrs Brydon went over to the wall and pulled a metallic handle that hung down from the ceiling. Somewhere nearby a bell chimed and not a minute later two men arrived. One was a rather tall and well-muscled individual in his mid-thirties while the other was a slightly overweight man in his forties.

Both men were dressed in grey robes and each wore golden badge with the word "Security" written on it.

"Robert, Gordon," said Mrs Brydon. "We have three guests requiring security clearance."

Robert, the younger of the two, nodded and held out his hand "Your badge, please."

Griselda handed over her Ministerial Identification badge and he looked it over before taking out his wand and tapping it a couple of times.

Next to him Gordon approached the other two. "Ah, Russell, good to see you," he said conversationally. "You too, Elisabeth."

"Good to see you as well, Gordon," replied Russell as he and Elisabeth handed over their badges in a well-practiced manner. "Keeping well?"

"Oh, can't complain," said Gordon as he examined their badges.

Finally Robert declared "Everything seems to be in order" and handed Griselda her badge back.

"Excellent," said Mrs Brydon. "Now, if you could sign here, Madam Marchbanks…"

She turned and saw that the receptionist was holding an inked quill above a thick book which was open to about the middle. Each page was broken up into is columns, each one with a different heading. In order they were Date, Name, Time in, Signature, Time Out and Signature.

"Standard procedure, Madam Marchbanks," explained Mrs Brydon upon noticing her puzzled look. "All guests have to be signed in when they arrive and signed out again when they leave."

Griselda nodded and took the quill. Guests did have to report in at the Security Desk at the Ministry, after all, so why shouldn't a school have something similar? As she signed her name, she made a mental note to arrange for this sort of thing to be implemented at Hogwarts when it reopened.

"Wonderful," said Mrs Brydon, taking the quill from her and handing it to Russell before picking up something else from her desk. "Now if you could just pop this on…"

"What is it?" asked Griselda.

"It's a lanyard," the receptionist replied. "All of our staff keeps an eye out for unknown visitors. This simply lets them know that you have reported to reception and been given a security check.

The lanyard was a long loop of braided leather with a small thin, rectangular piece of wood, about half the size of a postcard, tied to it. On that piece of wood was a blue piece of parchment with Griselda's name written on it, along with the reason for her visit.

She looked over at her co-workers and noticed that they had both hung their respective lanyards around their necks without batting an eyelid. Griselda mirrored their actions and noticed as she did so that Mrs Brydon was wearing one as well, though her piece of wood had green parchment on it.

"Colour coded?" she asked.

"Yes. Blue is for guests, green is for support staff, the Professors have white and all of our students have yellow ones. Now then, Russell I believe that you know the way to the Headmistress' office?"

"Of course," said Russell and led the way out of the room.

Griselda Marchbanks left the reception office with her mind buzzing. Her first official visit to Waxwings had already given her a lot to think about, and she hadn't even had her meeting with the Headmistress yet!



* * *



Edward Abbott returned with the photograph that his wife had asked for and Sarah immediately showed it to Harry.

"There you go. That's me there, and there's your mum."

Harry stared down at the photograph, not knowing what to think. It showed five girls about his age standing together on Hogwarts grounds with the Black Lake a short way behind them. They wall laughing and waving at the camera. Two of them Harry did not recognise, but the other three…

Looking at one of them was almost like looking at a female Neville Longbottom with a different nose and mouth. Harry had never seen her before, but she had to be Neville's mother, Alice. The second, standing in the middle, had long, dark red hair and Harry's own eyes… his mother Lily. And as for the third…

The third was standing right next to him, offering to give him help that he wasn't certain he needed.

In the photograph she was standing right next to Harry's mother, each with an arm slung around the other's shoulders. They were quite clearly friends, possibly even best friends. And if that didn't earn her a chance with Harry, then what did?

Harry decided that this was enough evidence for him and finally he looked up and addressed the Healers in the room. "Show me when I met her over the summer."

The Healers jumped at the chance. There were nearly fifty glass ampoules on a table in the corner, each one labelled according to the memory contained within. One of the healers quickly found the memory asked for and poured it gently into the pensieve as one of the other healers helped Harry to get out of his bed and walk over to the pensieve.

Harry gazed down into the pensieve as the silvery contents swirled about. Somewhat nervously he glanced back over his shoulder. Sarah gave him an encouraging nod which steeled his resolve. If she truly was his mother's friend, and if she was telling the truth, then he had to know…

He leaned forwards and was drawn into the memory.



* * *



"I need a drink," muttered Scrimgeour as he pulled out the bottom drawer of his desk and fished out a bottle of brandy and two glasses.

"Bit early for that, isn't it?" asked Amelia as she accepted the glass he pushed her way.

"It must be after five somewhere in the world," he replied before downing his glass and pouring himself another.

It had taken then nearly an hour to subdue the rioting crowd in the atrium, but finally, following twenty six arrests and more than three times that number being dragged off to St Mungo's for treatment the crowd had, at long last, dispersed, grumbling but content in the knowledge that any further information pertaining to the crisis at Hogwarts would be announced over the Wizarding Wireless Network once decisions had been made.

Another four hours later and all those arrested in the atrium had been questioned and released on bail.

After smacking his lips, Scrimgeour asked "So when do we resume questioning Dumbledore's little Order?"

"Not until tomorrow," replied Amelia after taking a sip from her brandy. "I think that we're all too tired to be asking questions now and tiredness leads to mistakes, something that we cannot afford. Everyone needs to go home, get a good night's rest and we can begin again nice and refreshed first thing tomorrow morning."

"I'll drink to that," agreed Scrimgeour before draining his second glass.

Amelia mirrored him.



* * *



Harry stumbled backwards from the pensieve and collapsed onto the bed.

"Harry!" exclaimed Susan.

"Are you alright?" asked Sarah, coming to his side.

It took Harry a couple of moments to pull himself together enough to state "You really were telling the truth."

"Yes," agreed Sarah. "There are plenty more memories for you do view. Do you want to see them?"

Harry nodded his head.

Sarah looked up at one of the Healers who had been waving his wand over Harry as he caught his breath.

"You'd better take a few minutes to rest, Mr Potter," he stated. "Then you can view the next one."

Harry nodded again and swallowed thickly, not noticing that Sarah, Hannah and Susan were all crying tears of happiness.



* * *



"Just how many students are we talking about, Griselda?"

Professor Jennifer Winston was a talk yet kind looking woman of about forty five. Her black hair was pulled back in a ponytail and her robes were a dark maroon colour with a golden trim, coincidentally and rather unintentionally, almost mirroring the chosen colour scheme of Gryffindor House at Hogwarts.

"Three hundred and nineteen," replied Griselda. "Numbers have been down since the end of the last war but have been picking up in the last few years."

"Yes, we did note Hogwarts dropping its tuition fees slightly in order to lure in a few more Muggleborns each year," commented Professor Winston. "And don't think that we haven't noted the drop in the number of Weasleys either. Seven children in total for Arthur, wasn't it?"

"I believe so, yes."

"And yet not one of them came here. Their cousins did, but somehow Arthur can afford to send seven children to Hogwarts."

"Well he did marry into the Prewitt family…" began Griselda, who did not yet know of Dumbledore's involvement in the Weasley's education.

Professor Winston eyed the older woman carefully for a moment before continuing. "Despite the downturn in numbers, three hundred and nineteen students are a lot to accommodate, even for a non-boarding school. What assistance will we get from the Ministry in this?"

"What sort of help would you require?"

"More teachers would be a start."

"Well we should be able to help you there. While Hogwarts is closed, its Professors for Astronomy, Arithmancy and Ancient Runes will all be needing employment. We will, of course, pay their salary using Hogwarts' funds."

"I'm afraid that we do not offer any of those three subjects here," said Professor Winston. "As I already mentioned, we are not a boarding school, meaning that the students return home every night. That rules out Astronomy. Arithmancy and Ancient Runes were both dropped from our syllabus several decades ago due to lack of interest."

"But there are Hogwarts students who are taking those studies," said Madam Marchbanks. "Surely arrangements can be made so that their education in those subjects is not too badly affected."

Professor Winston considered this for a few moments before nodding her head. "I'll see what I can do about finding space for Arithmancy and Ancient Runes. A night time class like Astronomy may be too difficult to include unless your Professor is prepared to simply teach theory for the duration of their stay here."

"I will speak with her," Madam Marchbanks assured her. "As for additional help, I'm sure that we can come to some financial agreement, and I'm certain that we can count on Hogwarts' Head Boy and Girl, along with the Prefects to assist in making the move as smooth a transition as possible."

"Very well. We will, of course, require some time to get ready. Give us a fortnight to prepare things, and then we'll have the Hogwarts Prefects come by for a few days to get used to the place before everyone else arrives."

"Excellent. Thank you," said Madam Marchbanks. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a few parents to write to."

"If you could send our receptionist a list of those parents we will send out a copy of our school syllabus so that they can make an informed decision. I understand how you would ideally like for all of those students to come here and remain together, but I'll not have students here who quite clearly do not want to be. And I'll be contacting you regarding our financial reimbursement."

"Of course. I don't suppose that I could take a copy of that syllabus for myself, could I?

Professor Winston opened a drawer on her desk and pulled out a twenty page booklet. A quick flick through showed photographs and text detailing the day-to-day lives of the school, a guide to each subject and a who's who for each member of staff.

Madam Marchbanks made sure to make a mental note of that too.



* * *



The Healer stowed his wand away and turned to the others in the room. Harry had only viewed five memories before becoming too exhausted to go on. Of course, given the varying lengths of the memories in question he had actually taken in a huge amount of information.

That, coupled with the fact that there was still so much that he did not know, accompanied by the shock of what had been done to him at Hogwarts had led to a highly emotional afternoon for the Boy-Who-Lived. He had wanted to continue on, but everyone else, with the urging of the Healers, had convinced him that he needed to rest for a while.

He had fallen asleep the moment his head touched the pillow.

The Healers had taken the opportunity to examine Harry's mind in order to see how well things were going.

"Well, so far there is no sign that the Obliviation is being undone," concluded the Healer. "However he is managing to build up a mental picture in his mind regarding the order of various events. The memories that you have supplied are by no means perfect fits, but they are helping him."

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief at that.

"Thank Merlin," muttered Hannah.

The Healer continued "Needless to say, you three are not the only ones to have interacted with Mr Potter during the past few weeks. If you could, write to everyone that you can think of and urge them to come to the Hospital as soon as they can.

"I'll go home and talk to Auntie Amelia," said Susan. "She'll have more than a few memories to add, and so will Mr Greengrass."

"I'll write to Padma Patil," said Hannah. "Harry will want to remember his date with her!"



* * *



A/N: You know how in the past I've said that some chapters are a complete b***h to write? Well this one was the Queen of them! Every time I sat down to try and write it, there was just nothing happening. You know it's not going to be your day when you sit in front of a Word document for forty five minutes and all you've written is the story title and the chapter number!

I didn't completely waste that time tough. I managed to start that one-shot collection that I have been threatening to do for a long time now. "Bolts from the Blue" is now six short stories strong with a combined total of nearly seventeen thousand words, so if you haven't checked it out yet and are looking for something to read, then my all means do so!

In addition to that which was noted at the top of the story, some reviewers have complained that they thought Mr Abbott was either dead or an absentee father. I admit that I did not go back to check, but I can assure you that it was never my intention for that to be the case. I guess he is kind of an absentee father as his work keeps him overseas for much of the time, but he is there for is family and certainly contributes to their financial well being.

Also, some people had issues with the use of multiple patronuses. All I can say to you is you'd better read Deathly Hallows again. Specifically "The Sacking of Severus Snape" as Professor McGonagall sends out three of her cat patronuses at once, one to relay a message to each other Head of House.

Finally, thanks to "Dr Stranger" for coming up with the title for the last chapter. I appreciate all suggestions made, but in the end "Repercussions" won out!





*Chapter 29*: Breaking Up Is Hard To Do


			Well, here we go again! Sorry for the delay – I really don't know what's happening to my time-keeping this year. I feel like it was the beginning of May like a fortnight ago and yet here we are, just about to finish September! Days don't seem to last as long anymore and there are whole weeks that have gone by without me noticing it. Remember kids, when your parents say that time goes by faster when you're older, they're bloody right!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 29: Breaking Up Is Hard To Do

Another day had passed by. During that time The Ministry of Magic, specifically the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Department of Mysteries had been using its time wisely. When the various members of the Order of the Phoenix and the Hogwarts Staff had first been brought in following the debacle at Hogwarts Castle each one had been given the opportunity to explain of their own volition exactly why they had been involved.

With the exception of the three eldest Weasleys and Nymphadora Tonks, none of them had taken the chance.

Starting at five in the morning that day, the Ministry decided to force the matter through the use of veritaserum.

The results were horrifying and a damning indictment of a man whom the Wizarding World had respected and trusted for almost a century.

It was a little after nine in the evening when Cornelius Fudge entered the office of Amelia Bones to find the Head of the DMLE nursing a glass of scotch. While he did not always get on well with Amelia or see eye to eye with her, the Minister was able to recognise the warning signs.

"That bad?" he asked.

Amelia shook her head and replied "Worse. We managed to get them all to confess but… well, those are the confessions there. Moody's is on the top."

She pointed to one corner of her desk where a stack of parchments stood.

Cornelius lifted the topmost parchment and blanched. "One muggle boy killed and one other seriously maimed by Moody's enchanted trash cans?"

"Oh yes," said Amelia. "Dumbledore managed to cover the whole thing up and from then on, Moody was his man."

"When did this happen?" demanded the Minister.

"About twenty five years ago now. Of course this means that the best Death Eater catcher we had in the Auror Force should not have even been there."

"Are they all like this?"

"Pretty much. As far as we can tell Dumbledore's main recruitment method was to help people out of a tight spot and then hold it over them. He vouched for Severus Snape during the Death Eater trials and since then Snape has worked for him. A reporter caught Filius Flitwick in a compromising position with two hags and a swamp troll the night he fought his last duel on the Professional Duelling Circuit. Dumbledore covered it up, getting Flitwick on his side. Dumbledore paid for all seven of Arthur Weasley's kids to go to Hogwarts and the whole family has been singing his praises ever since. And you know the story of Miss Tonks."

Cornelius nodded as he continued to leaf through the stack of confessions, occasionally reading aloud the damning evidence. "Poppy Pomfrey – failed her final healers' examination and so is not qualified for the position she held within the school… Mundungus Fletcher – Dumbledore helped him out when he was arrested for an instance of Muggle Baiting that resulted in three muggles losing their buttocks to carnivorous toilet seats… Sturgis Podmore – broke the International Statute of Secrecy when he got into a brawl in a muggle bar and hexed five people to have bat wings where their ears should be… Amelia these are disgusting!"

"Read Shacklebolt's," she replied. "It's the cream of the crop!"

Cornelius flipped through until he found the confession of Kingsley Shacklebolt. "Joined the Order of the Phoenix after being approached by Alastor Moody, then, on Dumbledore's suggestion he purposefully misled the Ministerial investigation into the current whereabouts of Sirius Black. Since then Dumbledore has used this to keep Shacklebolt in line."

The Minister looked up at the Head of the DMLE. "But isn't Shacklebolt the one in charge of the search operations for Black?"

"He was," replied Amelia. "Clearly he knows where the man is but he's not telling. We think he must be someplace that is protected by the Fidelius Charm as even the use of veritaserum could not make Shacklebolt tell us the location."

Amelia set her glass aside and took out her monocle to clean it on a cloth, saying as she did so "As far as we can, while the majority of the Order behaved without being influenced by magic, a good number of them were coerced."

"That does not excuse their behaviour," said the Minister.

"No, but in some cases this may be grounds to show some small amount of leniency. Arthur and Molly, for a start, did not actually take part in the Hogwarts debacle, nor is there any evidence of outright criminal activity on their part. However, there is no escaping the fact that their eldest son, Bill, was involved. Flitwick broke no laws and his actions were out of a desire to protect his reputation. Snape, Moody and Fletcher, on the other hand, are criminals who got away with their crimes because Dumbledore pulled a few strings."

Cornelius nodded before asking "And what of Minerva McGonagall? What part did she play in all of this?"

Amelia sighed. "To be honest with you, Minister, I do not fully understand what exactly is going on with that woman. But whatever it is, it's not good. Croaker has already suggested that we send her to the mind healers at St Mungo's and I'm inclined to agree with the suggestion."

"Seems a bit extreme…"

"No, what's extreme is her loyalty to Dumbledore. No, scratch that; 'loyalty' doesn't do the situation justice. 'Blind faith' would be a better way to describe it. All it took for her to take part in the travesty of a few days ago was for Dumbledore to tell her that it was for the best. She accepted it without question."

Fudge was quiet for a few moments as he contemplated this news. Then he said "Now that you bring it up, I'm reminded of something old Ludo Bagman said to me last year. After Harry Potter's name was drawn from the Goblet of Fire I naturally called in both Ludo and Barty Crouch. Ludo mentioned a confrontation between the staff and the Ministry in the antechamber… what was it Minerva said now… something along the lines of 'Dumbledore believes that Mr Potter did not put his name into the Goblet, and that should be good enough for everybody.'"

"Yes, Harry said something along those lines to me during the summer." said Amelia. "He said that he was relieved to have her apparent support at the time, but looking back on it he found it a little disturbing.

"It is well known that Dumbledore and McGonagall have known each other for a long time and that he taught her everything she ever knew about Transfiguration, but that alone cannot explain her blind trust in the man."

"And you really think that sending her to be examined by the mind healers at St Mungo's is the best option?" asked the Minister.

"It's probably our only option," replied Amelia. "I mean, we can always just send her to Azkaban, but I think that we will all be better off with her at the hospital. Who knows what the healers may find. Potentially they could answer so many questions."

"Very well. Have her sent to St Mungo's. As for the rest I want air-tight cases built against them. We'll let the Wizengamot decide their fates."



* * *



A wave of the bird's wing was all that was needed to roast the rabbit meat, after which the ancient wizard set it down onto a conjured plate and sat back into his conjured armchair.

Fawkes trilled and tucked his head back under his wing as Albus Dumbledore began to consume his late dinner. In the limited amount of time that he and Fawkes had been living in the dilapidated old house that had once belonged to his parents, Dumbledore had done a rather marvellous job of cleaning the place up a bit.

Of course, unlike those children who had spent the summer at Grimmauld Place, Dumbledore was allowed to use magic to get the cleaning done and any repairs carried out. Every inch of the house had been "scourgify"-d clean and every chip, crack and hold had been "reparo"-d back into working order.

In fact, the old Dumbledore house was now the only house in Mould-on-the-Wold that was not worthy of the name.

As he filled his stomach, Dumbledore set his mind to planning. While it was true that just about everything that could have gone wrong had gone wrong, things were still salvageable. After all, no matter what the Ministry decided to do with the various members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore could always get them out of it. He might not have the ears of the Wizengamot anymore, or those of the Hogwarts Governors, but he did still have Fawkes.

Whether it was Hogwarts, the Ministry, St Mungo's or even Azkaban, there was nowhere that Fawkes could not travel to. Nor, for that matter, was there any way of preventing him from taking people into or out of any of these places with a burst of flame.

Dumbledore had already wondered on a time-scale for when he ought to carry out his rescue mission and was in two minds about it. The longer he left his followers/supporters in the hands of the Ministry, the more information could be extracted from them. However, leaving his followers to stew for a little while did have its upsides.

Leaving them all to the care of the Ministry would remind them all that there was no solace to be found there. The longer Dumbledore left them, the more grateful they would be when he eventually did come for them. Dumbledore knew that if he chose that course of action, then the best time to rescue them would be once they had been tried and sentenced by the Wizengamot.

He was as yet undecided as to which course he should take.

As to the matter of Harry Potter, that was salvageable as well. While he admittedly had no means to track the boy's current whereabouts, having left all of his tracking devices in his office at Hogwarts, Dumbledore knew that it was only a matter of time before the boy was back behind the walls of the castle, and once he was it was only a matter of time before Fawkes would succeed in finding him.

Harry Potter had a duty to perform. He was destined to be killed by Voldemort's wand and it was Albus Dumbledore's job to make sure that it happened.

It was for the greater good, after all.



* * *



"Well, Mr Potter, I'm very pleased to say that we appear to have successfully flushed every single potion out of your system," said the Healer as she looked over his chart. "In fact, so long as you are content to stay with the Abbott family so that Sarah can keep an eye on you and help with your memory-immersion program, I'm happy for you to leave the hospital this afternoon."

"Thank you," said Harry. "Sorry for being so difficult to deal with when I first got here."

"Think nothing of it, Mr Potter. Now, if you'll excuse me, I believe that you have a visitor so I'll leave you two to talk."

Harry sat up in his bed to see who this visitor was. The healer walked out through the door of the room and a few moments later a familiar face walked in.

Padma Patil stood in the doorway, clearly unsure of how to react. After all who do you act around a hospitalised friend whom you went on one date with, of which they have no memory?

Finally Harry broke the silence. "Hannah said she was going to contact you."

Padma nodded and stepped further into the room, holding up a small crystal phial as she did so. "I, uh, I brought you some memories to view."

Harry nodded and swung his legs out of the bed. Clad only in a pair of pyjamas, Harry made his way over to the pensieve, which stood on a table off to the far side of the room. Padma followed him and looked to him for instructions.

Using his wand, Harry gently extracted three long, silvery memories that he had been viewing before the healer had arrived and placed each of them into their own phials. After placing a stopper in the top of each phial and placing each phial into a small wooden rack, Harry turned back to Padma.

"Just pour them in gently."

Padma nodded and took the stopper out of the phial in her hands. Gently she poured the contents into the pensieve and, without another word, Harry took the plunge.

Despite his frequent forays into the memories of other people over recent days, Harry was still not used to the odd sensation caused by entering the pensieve. This sensation was only made more overwhelming by the fact that it the person most featured in these memories was himself, taking part in activities that he had absolutely no recollection of going through.

The first memory that Padma had given to him was of their confrontation with the Slytherins on the Hogwarts express. He had already been given a memory of how this confrontation ended, thanks to Hannah, but it was very useful to see it from the beginning.

Unfortunately there was still a gap to be filled in even after his viewing of Padma's memory, which ended with her escorting Daphne and Astoria Greengrass and Tracey Davis out of the compartment. From his own words Harry knew that he had spoken with both Malfoy and Parkinson, but exactly how much time had passed between Padma's exit and Hannah's arrival was something that he might never know.

After the confrontation with the Slytherins was a discussion that Harry and Padma had had regarding dealing with the Slytherin Head of House. Harry realised that he had spoken to Padma with relative ease, even joked with her. He could see how a date with her could have come about.

Unfortunately Padma eventually left and the memory ended, leaving another blank for Harry to try and fill in elsewhere. Trying to keep everything in some sort of order in his mind, Harry was reasonably sure that shortly after Padma's memory ended, he had gone to sit with Susan in her compartment, though again, he had no idea just how much time passed between the two events.

The next memory was of their meeting with Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape and Flitwick in the Headmaster's office. It was certainly interesting to watch as he confronted Dumbledore and Snape over the actions of the Slytherins. Having Padma and Professor Umbridge there to help out certainly made the task easier.

Again the memory ended too early and Harry had no idea what had been said in the Headmaster's Office after Padma left it. They were currently waiting on Professor Umbridge being revived from a dosage of Draught of Living Death. Harry hoped that she would have plenty of memories to supply him with once she came around.

That memory was followed by his and Padma's encounter on the staircase down to the Great Hall. That Padma had been the one to ask him out surprised him a little at first, but then he realised that it probably did have to happen that way. There would have been no way that he'd have plucked up the courage for at least another three months had things been left up to him!

There then followed the memory of lunch with the Ravenclaws. He was pleased to see that he had gotten on well with all of them, just like he had when he had sat with Susan, Hannah and their year mates at the Hufflepuff table.

And then, of course, came the date, during which Harry surprised himself by not being quite as awkward as he had expected. In fact, he was very pleased to see, he and Padma had clearly had a very good time and their date clearly showed the promise of their having more in the future.

Unfortunately, just as the pair was walking back to the castle, with Harry fully expecting to witness himself and Padma end their night with a kiss, Dumbledore, McGonagall and Snape turned up.

After this there were not quite so many memories for Harry to view and he got the distinct impression that he and Padma had not yet managed to discuss having a second date. The closest that they had come was on that Saturday when they and a group of others had spent the afternoon together down by the lake. Harry had already seen this from Hannah's memories, but it was nice to watch it again. It was such a pleasant memory, though Harry watched it with a hint of sadness, knowing that just a few hours after this everything had gone right down the plan, all thanks Albus Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix!

Harry exited the pensieve to find Padma watching him with a worried look on her face.

"Well, our date certainly went well," he observed.

Quite suddenly Padma threw herself at him, wrapping her arms around his shoulders and burying her face into his neck.

"What's wrong?" asked Harry in alarm as he wrapped his arms around her waist.

"It's my dad, Harry. He's decided that Parvati and I are to continue our education at Pardleos School instead of Hogwarts."

Harry was puzzled for a moment and asked "I thought the school we were all going to is called Waxwings."

"Yes, that's the alternative that the Ministry arranged. My dad's decided to send us to a different school."

"Oh… Well, I'm sure we can visit each other…"

"Pardleos is in India, Harry."

"Oh… Well that sucks!"

Padma nodded into his shoulder and began to cry.

"Is there any way you can talk him out of this?" asked Harry.

"I've tried to, but he won't hear of it and neither will mum. There have been Patils in England for seven generations and until Parvati and I came along, they all went back to India to attend Pardleos. Our brother Sanjay already goes there, but dad thought it would be a good idea to send Parvati and I to Hogwarts. He's been less than happy with some things at Hogwarts and has been in two minds about sending us to Pardleos for a while. This latest mess just made the decision much easier for him."

Harry heaved a heavy sigh and asked "When do you leave"

"Tomorrow."

"Damn. So this is goodbye, then?"

She nodded and pulled back to look into his eyes.

"Write to me?" she asked.

"Of course."

A smile appeared on her face, the only time she had done so during the visit.

Then, catching Harry completely by surprise, she leaned in and kissed him.

Harry felt dazed. He hadn't expected to be kissed… his first kiss…

He didn't remember closing his eyes, but he assumed that he must have done because he was opening them again following the end of the kiss.

Padma had an odd look in her eyes, one that Harry found rather alluring. She bit her lip before saying "I should probably go…"

"Probably," agreed Harry.

She turned and walked towards the door. Just before leaving she looked back over her shoulder.

"Bye, Harry."

Harry swallowed nervously and replied "Bye, Pad."

She left.

Harry sighed again and sank down onto the end of his hospital bed, burying his face in his hands.

"Wow. That was some pretty heavy stuff."

Harry whirled around and saw that Hannah was lying on his bed.

"How long have you been there?" he demanded.

"On the bed? About ten minutes. In this room? I turned up with the Healer, remember?"

"And you didn't have the decency to leave?"

"Nope. I had a front row seat to a dramatic moment in your love life and I wasn't about to give it up."

"So you wanted to watch me break up with my girlfriend?"

"No. What I wanted was to watch as you and Padma snogged each other senseless. Her going to India was not something I was expecting.

Harry groaned and fell back, lying across the foot of the bed. "How lousy can a romantic relationship get? Seriously, I date a girl out on a first date and we get along great but now I can only remember it from her point of view. Then we kiss, my FIRST kiss by the way, and now she's being whisked off to India."

"It does sound like something out of one of those muggle romance novels Susan's so fond of," commented Hannah.

"You're not helping." said Harry.

"Ok," said Hannah as she sat up. She scooted down to the end of the bend and looked down at Harry. "Would it help if I pointed out that you are not the only one who is upset that Padma is leaving."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, there's Lisa Turpin and Su Li for a start. They've been best friends with Padma since first year. Then there's that Luna Lovegood girl. She gets bullied a lot, but Padma always did her best to stick up for her."

Harry thought for a few moments before saying "No. Your pointing that out does not make me feel better."

"Of course it doesn't," said Hannah. "I was just trying to make you realise that you're not going to be alone in missing Padma. I'll miss her –she was great to have patrol duty with. Then there's Parvati, we're losing her too. Think how lost Lavender is going to be without her best friend?"

"I'm sensing that you are trying to make a point here but I can't seem to find it."

Hannah rolled her eyes before explaining herself. "My point, Harry, is that we are going to lose people over this. After what Dumbledore and sycophants did we were always going to lose people. But the important thing is that those of us who remain must stick together. Our school, no, our world has been turned upside down by this. But so long as we stick together, we'll pull each other through it."

Harry nodded, but remained silent.

Seeing that she had gotten through to him, Hannah swung her legs off of the bed and stood up. "I'm going to contact mum. I know the Healer said for you to live with my family, but we're all living with the Bones' at the moment while we wait for better wards to be put around our home."

"Ok," said Harry, making himself sit up. "I'll start packing my stuff up."



* * *



Dear Miss Hermione Granger,

We are writing to invite you to attend the Waxwings School for Magic to continue your magical education until such a time that your usual school, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is deemed fit to be re-opened.

Hogwarts students will be arriving at our school to begin their education on Wednesday 17th September; however as a Hogwarts prefect we request that you arrive on Monday 15th September in order to further aid the transition.

By no means are you required to attend, but if you wish to do so then please send a letter of confirmation by owl post at your earliest convenience so that we may send you a supply list and a copy of the school's syllabus.

We look forward to hearing from you,

Sincerely,

Professor Jennifer Winston, Headmistress, Waxwings School for Magic.

Hermione looked down at the parchment in her hands and felt resolve steeling itself within her. A new magical school meant a new chance, a chance that she was determined not to waste. She ran downstairs to discuss this development with her parents.



* * *



Pansy Parkinson was having similar thoughts about her letter. Her time at Hogwarts had always been about sucking up to Draco Malfoy and making sure that she was the queen bee in Slytherin house. Well, not this time. She was going to use this opportunity to reinvent herself and become a better person. If she didn't… well, she didn't like to imagine the consequences.



* * *



Up and down Wizarding Britain many other students were holding their letters, inviting them to attend Waxwings School for Magic. Many had already accepted the offer, some others had rejected it and still others were in two minds about the whole thing.

No matter what, though, Hogwarts was on a collision course with Waxwings, and only time would tell just how well each school would fare.



* * *



A/N: Five points to anyone who can work out where the name Pardleos comes from!

Kind of a sad chapter this time around. After what has happened in the last few chapters it was always likely that some people would be leaving. Don't worry too much though as this is not the end for Padma. There are several ways in which she could come back, though I'll be keeping that a secret for now!

Before anyone has a go at me for the back stories for why certain members of the Order obey Dumbledore, please take a moment to consider just why Remus Lupin does everything Dumbledore says. Now think of Rubeus Hagrid. Then Mundungus Fletcher. And now Severus Snape. Every one of them feels indebted to him in some way and that is why they are willing to do his bidding. Now you tell me that it's not possible that there are other Order members in the same boat, especially given some of their backgrounds (Mad-Eye Moody's in particular!)

Sorry that this chapter is shorter than normal, but I really thought that the stuff I had here would be longer. I've tried to make it longer, but it doesn't really work. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed it.





*Chapter 30*: Author's Update Message


			An Update For You

Well, it has been a long time, hasn't it? For those of you who want an explanation, basically my muse went and decided to focus itself upon other things. In addition to completing a handful of Harry Potter one-shots, which can be found in Bolts from the Blue, I have been playing about many other Harry Potter stories, some one-shots, some bigger projects. I have also been slowly updating my major Pokémon story (though to be honest, my muse hasn't really been into that either) and planning other Pokémon stories. I also have several Lord of the Rings/Middle Earth based story ideas that have been going through the planning stages, one of which now has six chapters ready to be written. There is also a Jurassic Park story that is almost ready to go and I have also been toying with the idea for stories based on two British television series Prehistoric Park and Primeval – both have been cancelled but ideas still bubble in my head! And on top of all that I am seriously considering a Harry Potter/Frozen crossover.

If that wasn't enough, I have also embarked on a rather large Harry Potter-related project which is aimed solely at helping me in writing fanfiction. J. K. Rowling left us with a lot of names and a lot of gaps for us to fill in and as a writer of Harry Potter fanfiction, I not only need to keep track of what is canon but also those things which I make up – it is a real pain in the hole to come up with a name for someone and forget who they are and what they do. While oftentimes the name can just be a brief mention in passing, you can guarantee that if in one chapter I say that Lisa Turpin's mother is a healer and then ten chapters later I say she's an Auror someone somewhere will pick up on it and comment on it (and yes, mistakes like that have happened before!)

So basically this project is to draw up my own guide to a who's who of the Wizarding World, starting with canon and then moving on to my own additions. This includes creating family trees, establishing blood-statuses and house ranks, Hogwarts houses and year groups, age, careers, wand, patronus shape, specialised subjects, hair colour, eye colour, allegiances, enemies, home locations, Quidditch Teams and so on.

This project is nowhere near completion but I can go off of it for the time being. Once the project is complete, that's it. I use that information and no other (unless of course Rowling ever decides to reveal more, then I might change a few things!) – So, if, for example, I make the female Hufflepuff prefect from Ginny and Luna's year a blond haired, blue eyed, half-blood, Holyhead Harpies fan with a wand made of the wood of a silver bird and the feather of a roc, the patronus of a honey badger, who lives in Holyhead, with a Dad who works as a potioneer at St Mungo's while his wife takes care of her aging mother who is a direct descendant of the third Minister for Magic of Nicaragua, then as far as I am concerned, that's it. If any story I write ever needs to mention the female Hufflepuff prefect from Ginny and Luna's year, she's there, filling that role with the same background as I have set out. Whether that background is ever needed or not is beside the point – it is there, should I ever need it.

So far I have drawn up a table naming every Wizarding family of Britain and have assigned them to the ranks of Ancient and Noble, Ancient, Noble, Lesser, Clan and Newblood as well and labelling those that are extinct, near extinction, are in default (squib or werewolf is the only one left for example), could be revived from Muggleborn descendants, who supports Pure-blood supremacy, or if they are a member of "The Sacred Twenty-Eight" – if you don't know what that is, look it up on the Harry Potter Wikia! The list also notes families of foreign decent (Chang, Patil) and where they are from originally – useful should I ever write a story where Harry decides to escape to another country.

I have also done a class list for Hogwarts which not only incorporates the official one for Harry's year but also goes up to Percy Weasley and Oliver Wood's year and down to those who were first years in Harry's sixth year. This is especially useful because, while I can remember names like Rose Zeller, Laura Madley, Euan Abercombie , Orla Quirke and Eddie Carmichael from canon, I couldn't for the life of me tell you what years they are in without consulting the list. This list is by no means complete, not yet taking into account that from year group that Romilda Vane and Astoria Greengrass come from would likely have seen an increase in size compared to previous years as a result of the first fall of Lord Voldemort. Also I am working on expanding the list to go at least as far as those students who were seventh years in Harry's first year. Once that list is complete I can work properly on all the needed family trees.

And on top of all that, I am attending a college course one day every two weeks – that doesn't seem like much but it is a work-based course so I have to make lots of notes and take lots of photographs of what I do at work and fill it all out in the form of Candidate Reports, as well as answer a crap load of question sheets regarding health and safety, irrigation, drainage, soil science and maintenance of ground conditions (I am a Groundsman, by the way. This means I cut grass and mark out and maintain sports pitches. See all those white lines on a football or rugby pitch? See how the grass changes from light bands to dark bands? I do that stuff.)

Anyway, hopefully that explains why there have been no updates to this story in a while. Tomorrow I am heading for The Making of Harry Potter Warner Bros. Studio Tour in London. If seeing the sets of places like the Gryffindor Common Room, the Ministry Atrium, Malfoy Manor Meeting Room, the Potions Classroom, The Burrow's Kitchen and Dumbledore's Office, as well as animatronics of Dobby, Aragog and Buckbeak don't get the ol' creative juices flowing, I don't know what will! (I'm not sure how I will do with Aragog as I've got a bit of arachnophobia!)

Hopefully I will return to updating this story very soon. The next chapter is already completely planned out, so I feel I can treat you to the title. Now, many people have been asking where he is and what he has been doing all this time, so he got a chapter dedicated to him in order to explain all of that.

So, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, witches and wizards, elves, goblins and, yes, even trolls, look out for Chapter 30: A Sirius Interlude coming very, very soon!





*Chapter 31*: A Sirius Interlude


			Well, here we go again! Enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 30: A Sirius Interlude

In the London Borough of Islington there was a street called Grimmauld Place, a street that had become worthy of its name. At one point Grimmauld Place had been a decent neighbourhood, filled with a sense of community pride and good relations with the local authorities.

Sadly in the years since the end of the Second World War Grimmauld Place had gone downhill. During the war most of the children living on that street had been evacuated to the rural regions of Britain and most had never bothered to come back. If that wasn't bad enough, several families were hit by the mid-1970's recession and were forced to either sell up and move or were evicted.

Since then Grimmauld Place had become one of those rough neighbourhoods where no one really wanted to live. The fronts of the line of townhouses were grimy and unwelcoming, with paint peeling off of doors and window frames.

Several houses had smashed or boarded up windows and, no matter how often the local council sent around the bin men, there always seemed to be black bin bags sitting overstuffed on the steps of some homes, oftentimes torn open by scavenging cats and urban foxes looking for an easy meal.

Half of the street lamps did not work properly, either smashed or simply burnt out and as a result there were many darkened corners where teens liked to gather together to smoke, drink and generally make nuisances of themselves. The most noticeable evidence of their work, aside from the graffiti, was the burnt-out remains of a 1981 Ford Cortina which had been set alight six months ago after spending two years resting on a stack of bricks without its wheels.

On the opposite side of the road from the row of townhouses there was a small pocket park known as Grimmauld Square. Like the street around it, the park had once been a rather nice area that had fallen to neglect. Surrounded by rusting railings, it now consisted of a patch of uncut grass, several overgrowing bushes and couple of trees, one of which still bore the marks from when some of the kids had doused part of its trunk with petrol and set it alight.

And if all that wasn't bad enough, there was a storm drain located where Grimmauld Place met Finsbury lane which had been blocked up for as long as anyone could remember, meaning that anytime it rained (and it does that a lot in Britain) a large puddle formed there.

All of this was well known to the local residents and they had long ago given up complaining about it. It was all just a part of daily life for them and so it was, largely, easy to ignore.

Another thing that was easy to ignore was the apparent fact that, when the street had been built, there had seemingly been a mistake in the numbering of the houses, with House Number Eleven sitting beside House Number Thirteen with no Number Twelve in sight.

The residents of Grimmauld Place had long since come to accept that relatively innocuous issue as just a little amusement to have chuckle over whenever the local gossip ran dry and there was nothing on the news worth commenting on.

But just because they couldn't actually see Number Twelve didn't mean it wasn't there.

Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place was there, situated perfectly comfortably between Number Eleven and Number Thirteen. If anyone who lived in Grimmauld Place were to ever see Number Twelve for themselves, they would have unanimously concluded that Number Twelve was precisely the reason why their street had its name. For that house was, in fact, the grimiest, grimmest, mouldiest, darkest and seemingly oldest and most unwelcoming-looking house on the entire street.

There were a handful of people in the world who were able to see Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place in all its depressing, unwelcoming glory. Every single one of them thought the same thing; Grimmauld Place was the way it was because of Number Twelve. It was as if Number Twelve was some kind of disease that was affecting the rest of the street, with Number Eleven and Number Thirteen being almost as bad, but with each successive house down the line getting progressively better, with Numbers One and Twenty-three being the most decent of the lot.

The reason why the people living in Grimmauld Place could not see Number Twelve was because it was that particular townhouse that, back in 1832, had come to the attention of Licorus Black, a wizard. Licorus had seen the house, decided that he wanted it and 'persuaded' the previous, muggle occupant to leave. From then the townhouse had, over time, become the main house owned by the Black family. From Licorus, ownership of the house had passed to his grandson, Phineas Nigellus Black, then to his son Sirius Black I, and then to his grandson Orion and his wife (and second cousin) Walburga.

Following the death of Walburga Black in 1985, Number Twelve Grimmauld Place had sat empty and mostly forgotten, for there was no one left to take it on. Of the surviving Blacks, Walburga's father, Pollux, was in Azkaban and his sister, Cassiopeia was in St Mungo's long term care ward, as was Orion's father Arcturus. Orion and Walburga's oldest son, Sirius, was in Azkaban while their younger son, Regulus, had been killed in the service of Lord Voldemort while their three nieces were also indisposed.

Bellatrix was with Sirius and Pollux in Azkaban, Andromeda had been banished from the family for marrying a muggle and Narcissa was married to Lucius Malfoy who, at the time, was doing all he could to keep his name away from anything that might link him to Lord Voldemort. That included the London Townhouse, no matter how much he coveted the many treasures he believed to be hidden away within.

The other, more distant relations that might have been able to claim some kind of ownership over the house, the Weasleys, the Potters, the Longbottoms, the Macmillans, the Bulstrodes, the Flints and the Crouches were either unaware of their potential right to the house or simply did not want it.

And so the house had sat empty and unused with no one to claim ownership of it, with the only sounds within being the screeching commands issued by a portrait of Walburga to a House Elf named Kreacher, the only thing in the world to have shown her any amount of care during the latter years of her life.

Then, ten years later, Sirius Black, Azkaban escapee had been seeking a place to lie low and, against his personal tastes, he had arrived on the front step of Number Twelve and pushed open the door.

In order to give the two fingered salute to his more unsavoury ancestors and all they stood for (particularly his mother), Sirius had offered his home to Albus Dumbledore for use as the Headquarters of prestigious The Order of the Phoenix, a secret society founded by Dumbledore to oppose the actions of The Dark Lord Voldemort and his followers, The Death Eaters.

The Order of the Phoenix was originally founded in the early 1970's when Voldemort had returned to magical Britain from years of study abroad and began to wage war against those he deemed unworthy of owning a wand; muggleborns, half – bloods, half – breeds and blood traitors.

Throughout the course of that war The Order had fought alongside the Ministry of Magic in order to combat the Death Eater insurgency and hold the tide of darkness at bay. Like the Ministry, The Order suffered heavy casualties and would likely have not held out much longer had the events of one fateful Halloween night in 1981 not come to pass.

Voldemort had been banished that night but now, after thirteen years the Dark Lord was back and with the Ministry of Magic refusing to believe it Dumbledore had reformed The Order of the Phoenix in order to combat the forces of darkness once again.

Now, several months later, Sirius Black had a problem. Being the hub of a pretty important secret organisation meant that people were usually coming in and out of the house all the time and Sirius was very rarely left alone for more than five hours at a time. Not now though.

In a change to the norm, Sirius had not seen anyone for several days and it was beginning to get to him. As far as he knew, the only people from the Order who should be completely out of contact with Headquarters were his long-time friend Remus Lupin, who was off trying to make contacts within the Werewolf community, Rubeus Hagrid, who was trying to make some kind of deal with the Giant colonies of Europe and Charlie Weasley who was still in Romania where he lived and where he was supposed to be sounding out foreign allies for Dumbledore's cause.

As many people entering Hogwarts to deliver reports to Dumbledore would likely draw the suspicions of the interfering Ministry of Magic they instead came to The House of Black where Sirius would use a two-way mirror in order to contact Dumbledore and let him know of whoever had arrived. While Sirius had, at one time, intended to use the mirrors in order to communicate with his godson, Harry Potter, the need to communicate effectively and freely with Dumbledore had proved more important and, unable to safely use the floo network for communication, what with every fireplace within Hogwarts likely being monitored by the Ministry of Magic, Sirius had handed the Headmaster one of the two communication mirrors that he had in his possession.

The usage of those mirrors had prompted Sirius to wonder why several days ago Dumbledore had chosen to communicate through owl post rather than the mirrors, but had decided not to question it. At the time he had reasoned that Dumbledore most likely knew what he was doing.

Now he wasn't so sure. No one from the order had been in contact with Headquarters since he had sent off his reply letter and he was beginning to doubt that the letter had come from Dumbledore at all.

While it was not unusual for certain members of The Order to go without reporting in for days and sometimes even weeks at a time, hearing from no one was, quite frankly, setting Sirius' teeth on edge. It was even getting to the point where he would have been glad to catch sight of Severus Snape, that's how bad his anxiety over the situation was.

Even if they had nothing to report to Dumbledore there were those within The Order whom Sirius had become friends with and who would make visits which were purely social in nature, but even they were not turning up. Heck, just last night Kingsley Shacklebolt, Alastor Moody, Mundungus Fletcher, Bill Weasley and Sturgis Podmore were meant to come around for a game or two of cards and work their way a few bottles of fire whiskey in order to let of a little steam. (Moody, of course, would have been made to take out his magical, all seeing eye so that the game was fair!)

None of them had turned up for the game and not one of them had gotten in touch, not a floo call, not an owl and Sirius thought that to be rather rude!

Last night he had wallowed in his disappointment by making his way through two and a half of the ten bottles of fire whiskey that had been set aside for the game before slumping over the kitchen table and passing out.

That was last night though. Twenty-fire hours later and Sirius was now wide awake, sobered up and sitting in front of the fire hearth, staring into the roaring, orange flames as he contemplated the situation that he currently found himself in.

One person missing the game was understandable, two was plausible, three was a bit of a stretch but not beyond the realms of possibility. After all, Kingsley, Sturgis and Bill all had jobs to see to and could easily have been called in to attend to an emergency. But for all five of them to miss the game made no sense at all and Sirius Black did not like it one little bit.

To make matters worse there seemed to be some kind of communication block in place. There were no letters being delivered, no floo calls to take and, with no one visiting Headquarters, Sirius had not seen a copy of the Daily Prophet in days. For obvious reasons he could not subscribe to the premier wizarding periodical himself and had to instead rely upon others to bring copies around with them and leave them lying around.

How was he meant to know how much Ministry-induced damage he was going to have to rectify when he and Harry were together again?

Rapidly he was coming to one every simple conclusion – if information would not come to him, he would have to go and find it. There were no owls available for his personal use at Headquarters, and the Ministry keeping an eye on the Hogwarts Floo Network ruled that out. Even if he did use the floo network, there was no guarantee as to what he would find at the other end. What if the Ministry had raided Hogwarts and Sirius stepped out of the fire place right into a band of Aurors? He was, after all, still marked to have his soul removed through the kiss of a Dementor should he be caught alive.

After hours of thought, what he must do now was becoming steadily clearer. The previous year, during the events of the Tri-Wizard Tournament being held at Hogwarts, he had spent much of his time living in a cave just outside of the wizarding village of Hogsmeade and had entered the village at night to pull discarded copies of The Daily Prophet out of rubbish bins. As a wanted man with no means of communication, this was the best way he could think of to get the information he so desperately desired.

'Yes' he thought 'that will have to do. I did it once and I can certainly do it again.'

He got out of his chair and waved his wand through the air several times. Moments later his younger brother's old school trunk flew in through the drawing room door, followed by several sets of robes, bedding and a decent supply of food.

The trunk landed upon the nearby table and the lid swung open. Sirius watched as clothes and blankets folded themselves up and secured themselves compactly and tidily within one half of the trunk while the food filled the other half. After a couple of moments' thought he decided to add in the remaining bottles of fire whiskey as well. He had no plans on getting drunk while in the cave. Bitter experience had taught him that sleeping in a cave in Scotland during the winter months was not a fun experience, no matter how many blankets you bundled yourself up in or how many warming charms you cast around yourself.

Fire whiskey, as well as being a very good way to get yourself very drunk very quickly, was also known for its warming properties and if you happened to catch a cold, warming up a bowl of fire whiskey and inhaling the fumes for about ten minutes was a rather effective way to clear your airways (Sirius had never agreed with his mother on many topics, but it was hard to argue with her home remedies like that one!)

Thoughts of home remedies quickly turned Sirius' thoughts to medicinal potions. He was never any good at healing charms so in the event of a cut, a bruise or a broken bone he usually relied on a potion or living through the pain. As the remaining bottles of Ogden's Finest Fire Whiskey settled themselves into the trunk, Sirius headed down to the kitchen and raided The Order's potion supply cupboard.

While he might fight with Snape tooth and nail and while he might trust the man about as far as he could throw a mountain troll without the aid of magic, there was no denying that the greasy git made good potions. Deciding to be prepared for anything he grabbed pepper-up potions, burn salves, skele-gro, bruise removal paste, a cut sealing concoction and a few antidotes just to be on the safe side.

Returning to the drawing room he placed the potions into the trunk and closed and locked the lid.

"Kreacher!" he called out and a moment later the old, cantankerous House Elf that had served the Black Family for years appeared in the room.

"Nasty young Master calls for Kreacher?" asked the Elf, trying his best to appear subservient like a good House Elf but ultimately unable to keep the loathing out of his voice.

"Yes Kreacher. I am leaving." replied Sirius.

"Master is leaving?" echoed the Elf.

"Yes, Kreacher, leaving. There has been no word from anyone in The Order for several days now, so I am going out to attempt to discover what has happened. Until I return I will be in a cave just outside the village of Hogsmeade. Should anyone from The Order arrive here before I make my return, the only people you may inform of my location are Albus Dumbledore, Remus Lupin or Alastor Moody. Is that clear?"

Kreacher bowed low and croaked "Crystal clear, master."

Sirius huffed and used his wand to shrink the trunk down to the size of a galleon before placing it into a pocket before leaving the room.

At the door he turned back and said "Oh, and Kreacher? Try and keep the place looking tidy this time. I don't think we need another doxy infestation in the curtains of the master bedroom, do we?"

"No, master," croaked Kreacher. "Kreacher will keep out doxies."

"And feed Buckbeak," added Sirius before heading downstairs.

At the front door Sirius turned the handle and looked out. It was dark out, which was to be expected at eleven at night. Looking up he saw that there were thick clouds in the sky, blocking out the moon and the stars. The only things that would expose him were the street lamps and car headlights.

He stepped out of the door and closed it behind him before taking a deep breath of the cool, crisp air and disapparated.

Not for a moment did it enter his head that he could possibly utilise his family's last remaining House Elf to try and get a message through to Dumbledore. But then most wizards do have the tendency to overlook House Elves and Sirius Black was no exception.



* * *



Elsewhere in the country a man staggered towards the nearby stream. His latest attempt to talk with some others of his kind had ended in disaster when Fenrir Greyback had caught him.

The fight that followed had almost cost Remus Lupin his life.

As so many werewolves were not permitted to use wands or obtain access to potions, Remus had, as a sign of respect, left his supplies at his base, well away from the feral werewolf encampment where Fenrir was the undisputed king.

An action that he had carried out in the hope of gaining the trust of other, less fortunate werewolves now appeared as though it might result in his death.

Struggling to the bank of the shallow stream he collapsed on it and pulled up the side of his shabby robes before breathing a sigh of relief. Although it hurt like hell, he had survived worse wounds in the past. Sometimes his being a werewolf did have its good points despite the curse.

Reaching down into the stream he cupped some of the cold, fresh water into his hand and gently washed the wound. It stung like a bitch but it had to be done. Although he was already a werewolf and thus could not be further harmed by lycanthropy, Fenrir Greyback seemed to think that being a werewolf also meant that you didn't have to wash. Who knew what other disease or even parasites his bites and scratches could inflict these days?

Wound as clean as he could get it for now he washed his hands off and stood up as above him two clouds parted and the light of a crescent moon shone down upon him.

Behind him he heard a shout, followed by much howling. Evidently in the glade somewhere to the north Fenrir was encouraging his followers to embrace their inner wolf. Remus wanted no part of that so decided to retreat back to the relative safety of his base for now.

That base was a long ago abandoned fox earth found beneath the roots of a large beech tree. The entrance was narrow but Remus had enlarged it slightly to allow himself to squeeze inside where he had made it quite substantially bigger. He had also installed a never-ending candle to provide a little light and its dim glow welcomed him as he entered.

Along one side several blankets were rolled out to form a bed while a small carrycase stood off to one side. Remus approached this and pulled out a bottle labelled Essence of Dittany.

Pulling out the stopper, Remus exposed the wound in his side again and applied the clear liquid.

Smoke, greenish in colour, billowed up from the wound, stinging lightly but otherwise offering little discomfort. When the smoke cleared the bleeding at stopped and the open wound has sealed over. It now looked like an injury that had been received several days ago, with new skin stretching over what had previously been open flesh.

Relieved that his wound was healed and no longer causing him any pain, Remus quickly took off his robe and cast it aside before pulling on a nightshirt and pyjama trousers. He then took out his wand and hit his robe with a few quick scouring charms to remove the blood stains followed by a stitching charm to close up the holes made by Fenrir's clawed hands.

Satisfied he sat down on his blankets and pulled his carrycase towards him. After a quick rummage through what few supplies were left to him he pulled out a can of baked beans. With little else available, he opened the can and used his wand to heat it up before settling down to consume his filling, if boring meal.

At best guess he had just enough supplies to last him another week, ten days at the most. Though, admittedly, if Fenrir Greyback attacked him again he would likely have to abort the mission completely. He had been out here for nearly two months now and had made absolutely no progress towards gaining any support within the werewolf community.

Oh, there were one or two who would listen to what he had to say but they were just being kind and humouring him. None of them really listened to what he had to say, or what Dumbledore was prepared to offer them in return for going against Fenrir's commands.

But then, they had no reason to listen. After centuries of persecution werewolves had no desire to listen to any offers made and no reason to believe any offers they heard. Remus could wax lyrical for hours about Albus Dumbledore and how the man had extended to him the chance to attend Hogwarts, gain a magical education and make friends with non-werewolves but the simple fact was that while this was the case for Remus, no other werewolf had been offered that chance either before his time at Hogwarts or after it. His story wasn't one of hope to them, instead it made them envious and Remus had learned not to talk about it within his first few days here.

Wizarding society had turned their backs on werewolves and had done for centuries. As a result, as far as the vast majority of werewolves were concerned, they were on their own. They had to look out for themselves and each other, for no one else would. But while forming groups certainly had its benefits, there was also a major flaw – under the light of the full moon werewolves would fight for dominance, to establish an alpha of the pack and that title always ended up going to the biggest, strongest and fiercest werewolf around, like Fenrir Greyback.

Of course, pointing out that it was individuals like Fenrir Greyback whose actions gave werewolves a bad name and caused other magic users to fear them was a very bad idea. For many of the werewolves here, Fenrir was all that they had. As cruel as their leader could be he was also their protector and in many cases the only father figure many of them new. Of course, there was the fact that he alone was responsible for more than half of werewolves in the group being bitten and becoming werewolves in the first place, but that fact was neither here nor there for the vast majority.

The pack was all that they had.

Remus sighed and set his half eaten can of baked beans aside before stretching out on hid makeshift bed and pulling two blankets over himself. He supposed he could easily have conjured up a proper bed to sleep on but in the event of another werewolf coming sniffing around he did not want to look like he had it too comfortable. Nor did he want to rub the fact that he was a wand user in their faces. As it was he thought that the warming charms were pushing it enough!

Settling himself down for as decent a sleep as he could get these days, Remus gave a flick of his wand and extinguished the light form the never-ending candle, plunging the den into darkness.

He wondered if Hagrid was having any more luck in recruiting the giants than he was with recruiting the werewolves.



* * *



Sticking to the shadows, the large black dog slunk his way through the darkened streets of Hogsmeade, looking for a bin to raid. The three that he had searched so far had proved to be useless to him but he held out hope that the one out the front of The Three Broomsticks would prove fruitful.

Slowly and quietly so as to not draw attention he made his way towards the famous Inn, his ears straining to pick up any sound at all. There were lights on in the pub, proving that there were still people situated at the bar and Padfoot knew he was taking a risk but he had to get information!

He reached the bin and placed his forepaws on the top before pausing. How to open the lid on the bin without changing back into a human? Before he used to just knock the bin over but with the Three Broomsticks full he couldn't take the change of someone overhearing him.

Suddenly his decision was made for him as Aurors John Dawlish and Bertram Savage rounded the corner of the pub.

Sirius ducked down behind the bin and listened fearfully as the two men got closer.

Step by step they got nearer to him and Padfoot's heart was beating so fact that he was certain sure that they must be able to hear it.

Then he heard their heavy boots tromping up the wooden steps at the front of the pub, followed by the sound of the door opening and the noise and clamour from within the bar flooded the street. It sounded a lot busier in there than Padfoot had thought.

"Evening Rosemerta!" he heard Dawlish's voice say loudly.

"Evening lads," came the reply of the curvy landlady. "What can I get you this evening?"

And then the door swung shut and Padfoot turned and bolted off into the night. With just a few patrons in the bar he would have been willing to take his chances and risk it, but that bar was full and worse there were Aurors traipsing around!

The black dog, easily the size of a small bear didn't stop until the village of Hogsmeade was well behind him. Panting he turned to look back down the hillside to the village just in time to see a couple of shadowy figures stumble out through the front door of The Three Broomsticks and shuffle off towards their homes.

Padfoot turned and continued on his way up the hillside. The cave that he had stayed in the previous year was relatively easy for him to find and he slipped inside the dark opening before reverting back into his human form.

Sirius took out his wand and trunk and began setting up his own base of operations. Within minutes the trunk was back to its normal size, he had conjured up a decently sized bed and was heading up two eggs and three rashers of bacon in a conjured saucepan over bluebell flames before heading back to the entrance and casting a glamour charm over it to avoid drawing unwanted attention.

Moments later he was sitting down on his bed, his evening meal on a plate in his lap. He decided he rather liked being back here. It was certainly less depressing than being in that dratted house of his. And unlike the last time he was here he had a pretty decent setup going, what with his comfortable bed, warm, clean clothes, a stash of decent food and, most importantly, a few bottles of Ogden's Finest.

Speaking of which…

He reached over to his trunk and pulled out the half empty pull from which he promptly took a heavy pull. After belching out the flaming burp which usually accompanied the consumption of fire whiskey he settled himself back on his bed and settled in for what looked like would be the best night he had had in a very long time!



* * *



A/N: And there you have it. I hope it was worth the wait – you even got to see Remus, which is more than I promised. You will be happy to know that the next five chapters have been carefully planned out and are all ready to be written up. Don't worry, we will be seeing more from Sirius as well as moving the main plot forward.

The trip to Leavesden Studios was fantastic and to anyone who hasn't gone yet I ask "what the hell are you waiting for?" It is amazing! Personally I went a bit overboard with the merchandise purchasing and still managed to overlook getting a wand! After deliberating with those I went with it was decided that I would most likely have been a Hufflepuff so I got a scarf for that house. I also got a Head Boy badge because if I'm going to be a Hufflepuff I'm damned well going to be the best one! I also got a model of the Hogwarts Express, a Tri-Wizard Cup (it didn't whisk me off to a graveyard) a Hedwig mug, a t-shirt with Platform 9 ¾ on it and a t-shirt with a Hungarian Horntail on it. And I also got a Buckbeak the Hippogriff keychain and my very own Marauder's Map!

I also tried the butterbeer and was disappointed to find it to be the most disgusting thing I have ever tasted, and that is saying something. But then, there were plenty of other people there who apparently enjoyed the stuff, so what the hell do I know?

I also discovered just how much of a Harry Potter nerd I am. Right at the end there is a room filled with stacks of boxes so it looks like Ollivander's Wand Shop and on each box is written the name of someone who had something to do with the films, whether they were a lead character, an extra, a director, a cameraman, a set designer, a screenwriter, a producer, a concept artist a composer or whatever. But they're all jumbled up and the idea is you are supposed to look around for the ones you want to see. So while everyone else is freaking out over finding Daniel Radcliff, Emma Watson and Evanna Lynch, I'm there picking out names like Eleanor Columbus, Louis Doyle, Charlotte Skeoch, Emily, Dale, Georgina Leonidas, Harry Melling, Timothy Bateson, Tiana Benjamin, Afshan Azad, Hugh Mitchell, George Harris, Chris Rankin, Nicholas Hooper, Steve Kloves, Mark Radcliffe and David Heyman, immediately working out what they did or who they played and I quickly come to realise that I'm the only one out of around thirty people in that room who gives a sh*t that those names are there! I also spotted the name Natalie McDonald and I'm fairly certain I'm the only one to recognise the significance of that name too!





*Chapter 32*: The Dark Lord at Bay


			Well, here we go again. Enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 31: The Dark Lord at Bay

The dining table at Bones Manor was set up for dinner, but Harry didn't feel much like eating. It was very strange for him, sitting in that house. In some respects it was a very familiar place to him but in other ways it was completely alien. Slowly he had been viewing more and more memories from other people regarding his stay within the house that summer, but there were still gaps.

Naturally everyone providing him with memories was concerning themselves with providing what they thought of as being important first, which was fine by Harry – it made sense to make sure he knew all the important things first, but the gaps in between were disconcerting and this was made worse by the fact that he didn't really know what order events had happened in.

Of course, things were not helped by the fact that he didn't really know the people who were in the house with him. Oh, he knew of them and some he was more familiar with than others, but he didn't know them, even though he knew that he did know them once.

It was strange.

Stranger still was trying to deal with the fact that he had broken up with a girl whom he could not remember ever having a date with, until she provided her own memory of the event. He had been sad earlier, back in St Mungo's when she had told him she was being sent to school in India, but he was sad for the fact that he could not remember her enough to be saddened by her leaving – that had been taken away from him.

It was all so very confusing.

Susan and Hannah had tried their best to cheer him up, but even that was strange. Even though the memories shown to him had proven that he had developed a good friendship with both girls over the summer, that connection just wasn't there anymore. They had gone from being people he knew to being people he knew of.

"Harry, you've been twirling that strand of spaghetti on your fork for the last ten minutes."

He blinked and looked up to see that it was Sarah who had spoken. She, along with everyone else at the dinner table was watching.

"Sorry…" he muttered embarrassedly as set his fork down. "I'm just not all that hungry."

Just then green flames roared into life in the fire place and Amelia stepped out into the kitchen.

"Auntie!" exclaimed Susan, getting out of her seat and going to give her aunt a hug, glad that the woman was home from the Ministry.

"How was your day Amelia?" asked Sarah as one of the House Elves set a place at the dinner table for the owner of the house.

"Trying," replied Amelia, taking her bag off of her shoulder as she took her seat. A plate of spaghetti bolognaise appeared in front of her. "Between our searches of Hogwarts and our questioning of The Order of the Phoenix, the DMLE is stretched entirely too thinly."

Before she started eating she picked her bag up off the floor and opened it up. She pulled out a large collection of books, far too many to fit inside the bag normally, indicating that she had placed an expansion charm on the inside.

"These are yours, Harry," she explained, setting the last book on top of the pile and pushing them over to him.

Harry eyed them curiously and asked "What are they?"

"Property of the Potter family," Amelia replied. "They consist of grimoires written by generations of Potters. They explain much about the history of your family."

Harry frowned and picked the first book up of the pile, asking as he did so "Where did you find these?"

"They were discovered during a search of Dumbledore's office at Hogwarts," explained Amelia. "We don't know why he had them, but at a guess he took them to try and discover exactly what happened when you banished Lord Voldemort as an infant. Much of what happened that night is a complete mystery so it is likely that he was hoping that one of those books would contain some long forgotten piece of magic which your parents used to engineer Voldemort's defeat."

"Sounds about as likely as any other reason…" muttered Harry. "Any reason why he didn't return them to me? Aside from wanting to keep me in the dark about everything, I mean?"

By way of answer Amelia simply shrugged her shoulders.

Harry sighed disappointedly and then opened the book in his hands. Almost immediately his eyes lit up; "Hey, this one was written by my mother."

"It probably contains some of her notes for improving on existing potions and charms," said Sarah. "She got really into that around the start of fifth year."

Harry flipped through the book a few pages and said "Here's one; Draught of Living Death. Let's see… she says to crush the sopophorous bean instead of cutting it as it releases the juices better. Then she says that when stirring, you should add one clockwise stir after seven counter-clockwise stirs as this obtains the clear colour faster."

"I remember your mother working on that one at the start of sixth year." said Sarah.

Amelia leaned forwards and asked "Is it possible that Lily shared her research with anyone?"

"Well, she used to study with Snape, though they had stopped being friends by the time we started sixth year. I suppose it's possible that they had at least discussed possible improvements to that potion before they stopped talking to each other."

Amelia turned to Harry "See if your mother made any additions to the brewing of the Wiggenweld Potion. That's the usual counter to Draught of Living Death but healers have been having trouble waking Dolores Umbridge up from the dose she was given. If Snape brewed it using the methods your mother mentions in that book then the Healers may have to adjust their antidote."

"I don't think it matters if mum ever shared these with Snape herself," Harry commented as he began flipping through the book. "He and Dumbledore have had fourteen years to learn all of her research from this book, and every other Potter book besides."

"Which, by the way, constitutes a massive breach of family protocol," said Edward. "Books such as those should have been placed straight into a vault at Gringotts until Harry was of old enough to receive them."

"Believe me, Edward," said Amelia "we've already added it to the list of charges against Dumbledore. His crimes against The Noble and Ancient House of Potter alone could see him getting at minimum a lifetime sentence to the high security wing of Azkaban. Add in everything else he has done and he'll be lucky to escape a death sentence."

"I doubt that'll bother him too much," said Harry, not looking up from his mother's journal "He's prattled on several times to me about how "death is nothing but the next great adventure.""

"Sounds almost as if he was trying to convince you of that fact," observed Susan.

"With all that you guys have helped me remember these past few days, I'm inclined to agree…" muttered Harry before saying in a more excited tone "Aha! Here we are: The Wiggenweld Potion."

He set the book on the table and Read through the page of notes. "She says to add a pint and a half of Horklump juice instead of just a pint and to grind the Lionfish spines and Chizpurfle fangs into powder before adding either of them. Oh, and add two sprigs of mint instead of just the one."

"Can you write me out a copy of that Harry?" asked Sarah. "I've got an appointment this evening for a check-up. I can drop it over to the Healers looking after Umbridge them."

"Sure," agreed Harry before turning back to Amelia. "Have you heard anything more about the other students? The Patil twins are being sent to a school in India instead of going to Waxwings and waiting for Hogwarts to reopen."

"I haven't seen Griselda Marchbanks since early on this morning. However she already mentioned that the Changs are sending their daughter to study in one of the schools in China. Evidently her interest in you during your one week at Hogwarts this year was mostly down to a potion."

"Mostly?" asked Hannah in confusion.

"It magnified something that was already there," explained Amelia. "She already fancied Harry on some level, the potion she was under magnified that tenfold and lowered her inhibitions slightly."

"That explains her bold move on the train at the start of term…" observed Hannah.

Harry frowned and commented "I don't think I've seen that event yet."

"I'll share it later," said Hannah, who was grinning like a Cheshire cat "It's a good one, believe me."

As Hannah and Susan began giggling Harry shook his head and decided to ignore them. Turning back to Amelia he asked "Why would someone give Cho such a potion."

"To keep you occupied," supplied Amelia. "We've already questioned Snape on this matter. Dumbledore wanted you as distracted as possible this year. The lady who pushed the snack trolley on the train was placed under a compulsion charm and given a small phial of the potion. The moment Cho ordered something the witch discreetly laced with the potion. Evidently Miss Chang either has a significant amount of willpower or Snape brewed the potion incorrectly as it did not work as well as it should. According to Snape, Dumbledore was most upset when you arranged a date with Miss Patil instead of Miss Chang."

"Bastards," muttered Harry. "What about any other students?"

"Well, now that you mention it, there is a rather curious issue," began Amelia. "It seems that a number of students returned from Hogwarts only to find their families missing. Most of those students are now at the Ministry waiting for new homes to be sourced. Pansy Parkinson was invited to stay with the Greengrass family and the Nott boy went to stay with the Zabinis but there are at least a two dozen more that are still without homes to go to. Most interestingly, they all are members of families who you named as Death Eaters following the Third Task of the Tri Wizard Tournament."

Edward frowned and said "So you finally get your hands on dear old Severus and two dozen families just up and leave? Seems a bit suspicious doesn't it?"

"There are more than just two dozen," said Amelia. "The Malfoys are completely unaccounted for, including their son. Yaxley has no children but he too has disappeared. It seems our arrest of Snape as scared his old friends."

"What about Voldemort?" asked Harry, "Am I going to need to come clean and tell the truth about that?"

"Not now," answered Amelia. "While I'm reasonably sure that Cornelius will believe you if you reveal the truth now, if you change your story on that matter now you will seriously discredit yourself when The Order members are put on trial. We can still make preparations to combat Voldemort without discrediting you. The fact that Malfoy and the others have done a runner on us can be used to secure the DMLE more funding. Dumbledore being on the loose as well only adds to the practicality of me making such a request. We have people keeping an eye out for Death Eaters and Cyrus Greengrass and the Unspeakables are still working on Voldemort's Horcruxes. We do not know where Voldemort and his Death Eaters have gone so we cannot pursue them. We can, however, make sure that we are ready to fight them with everything we have should they ever make a return."

Harry gave a nod of understanding. He knew that he was not meant to have left that graveyard in Little Hangleton the night that Lord Voldemort was reborn. His escape had completely wrong-footed The Dark Lord, who was now remaining as quiet as possible so as to not draw attention. That the Ministry would be using that time to better prepare itself for the eventual confrontation was more than Harry could have hoped for. That Malfoy and his ilk had been driven into hiding and therefore could not use their wealth and influence to sway the Ministry's standing to something more to their favour was just an added bonus.



* * *



Albania, a country in South Eastern Europe had a handful of new residents that evening, though not one of the country's three million inhabitants knew it. Mount Korab was the highest mountain in Albania and inside a cave the Death Eaters and their leader had made their new base.

As the Death Eaters moved about the cave system, using their magic to expand small openings into vast rooms and to make their new lair habitable, their Lord and Master, Tom Riddle, the self-styled Lord Voldemort, sat alone in his newly constructed throne room pondering on recent events.

Although his retreat from Britain had been rather sudden, he had always known that it would be a possibility. Following his return to physical form, it had always been his intention to maintain a low profile for as long as possible, allowing him to quietly recruit more and more followers to his cause without raising the suspicions of the Ministry.

The arrest of Severus Snape had changed everything.

Voldemort did not yet fully understand exactly what had happened that night when Severus was arrested. However, he did know that whatever it was had seemingly forced Dumbledore to go on the run. That last bit should have been excellent news – The great Albus Dumbledore, out of the Ministry, out of Hogwarts, out of society, but it wasn't.

With Dumbledore out of the picture, any protection that Snape may have had from the Ministry was now gone. Dumbledore either did not realise or did not care to think on the fact that his keeping Severus Snape out of the clutches of the Ministry was in fact doing Voldemort a very great service. Snape knew much, and Dumbledore had gone to great lengths to keep Snape out of the Ministry's clutches.

Many Death Eaters, such as Avery, Crabbe and Macnair, had faced trial for their part in Death Eater activities, but had ultimately been let go on the basis of there not being enough information to convict them. Had Snape ever been questioned by the Ministry, the outcomes of many of those trials could have been vastly different and that would have been disastrous for the Dark Lord.

And now Voldemort was faced with the very real prospect of that potential disaster becoming a reality. Snape was caught by the Ministry and was slowly and methodically being pumped for information without the protection of Albus Dumbledore to save him.

Faced with the prospect of many of his followers being rounded up and shoved into Azkaban, or worse sentenced to the Dementor's kiss, Voldemort had taken the only course of action that he felt was available to him and retreated entirely from the British Isles, taking with him every Death Eater who still roamed free, along with their families.

Now that he considered it, such an action was not as bad as it seemed. Here in the mountains of Albania they were well hidden and few would think to look for them there. The Albanian Ministry of Magic had its own problems to deal with and Voldemort was certain that he and his followers could operate without arousing suspicion.

The major downside of his decision to retreat was that the order had come too soon for some, forcing multiple families to abandon any children they had attending Hogwarts. The only Hogwarts-aged wizard amongst them was Draco Malfoy, who had been at home when the order to retreat had come. Other families, such the Crabbes, the Goyles, the Notts, the Parkinsons, the Bullstrodes, the Puceys, the Vaseys, the Flints, the Carrows, the Bletchleys and the Montagues had all left at least one child behind, much to their consternation.

To Voldemort's mind this was unfortunate, as each of those children would have information that could be extracted by the Ministry, but there was nothing that could be done about it now. He had never personally bothered with keeping tabs on the offspring of his followers until such a time as they could join him, but all in all he believed that the early retreat had cost him between twenty and thirty wands. With his forces as depleted as they were he was far from happy with such a loss but, again, it was too late to change that. Already he had branded the spouses and older offspring of his Death Eaters with the Dark Mark and for now that would have to be enough.

Of course there were a few other downsides as well. Fenrir Greyback and the Werewolves who followed him had been left behind, but they would have to wait it out. Then there was Scabior and the other lowlifes and petty criminals of the seedy underside of society. While they certainly had their uses, Voldemort had never marked any of them and never even considered including them the order to retreat. In all honesty it was just as well that they remained in Britain, out of the way.

Also left behind were the Dementors of Azkaban and the prisoners whom they guarded. Voldemort had been able to make contact with the guards of the wizarding prison but so far talks had been relatively fruitless. Again, for the time being, the Dementors and their prisoners would just have to sit tight until such a time as Voldemort was able to come for them.

Of course, there were benefits too. It would be much easier to recruit new followers from Albania than from Britain. The country they were in had its own collection of dark and shady characters, all of whom could easily be persuaded to join Voldemort and his cause.

Then there were the creatures. Macnair was already off recruiting the Giants to their cause, but from their new location it would be easy to recruit others: Trolls, Hags, Ogres, Vampires, Ghouls and possibly even Dwarves, if they could be persuaded. And, of course, there were Werewolves out here as well.

Then there were the other creatures to consider, Lethifolds, Nundu, Manticores, Yetis, Occamies, Sphinxes, Dragons and many other terrifying monsters all of whom could be brought in secret to join Voldemort's cause.

On top of that, there were many other guaranteed recruits all over the world. The Malfoy family for one had originated in France and the family was still fairly prominent there today. There were also Malfoys in Canada, the U.S, Germany and many other countries. Malfoys from around the world had provided a certain amount of financial backing to his first campaign for power, but this time he would make sure that they were more active participants. The same went for the Lestrange, Dolohov, Rowle and any other foreign relation of his followers. It was time that they all brought their wands to the war and united under his banner once and for all.

Only that way could they dominate the world as they so desired.

Of course, Antonin Dolohov and Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange being locked up in Azkaban did present him with the slight problem of no longer having a decent in-road with those families but for now that could not be helped. Those families would have to wait. In the meantime Voldemort planned to meet with Lucius Malfoy and Thorfinn Rowle the following morning to request that they visit their cousins.

Names like Malfoy, Rowle, Dolohov and Lestrange had been associated with a different Dark Lord fifty years previously and members of those families bore a significant grudge against Wizarding Britain for their interference in a war that Gellert Grindelwald had never intended to allow to spill over onto British soil. To their minds the British Ministry had interfered in a war that had nothing to do with them and they hated Britain for it. Of course, they rather conveniently overlooked the fact that the Muggle side of the War, as led by Adolf Hitler, had spread to Britain, causing much death and destruction, thus forcing the British Ministry to act.

But in especial they loathed Albus Dumbledore, the man who had stepped in just as they were about to seize victory and defeated Grindelwald in a duel to surrender.

Voldemort was certain that he could harness that hatred and use it to achieve his own ends. It had worked well enough in getting the Pure-blood Elitists of Britain to do his bidding, so it would work just as well here.

Contrary to popular belief, Lord Voldemort was not a blood-purist. All in all he barely cared what a person's parentage was so long as they knew their place and did as they were told. Oh, and they had to be capable of performing magic, that bit was important to him as well.

The fact was, the Blood Purists were the easiest group to manipulate into doing his bidding. All he had to do was spout off about killing mudblood upstarts and blood traitors, pruning family trees to ensure purity remained and ensuring that the pure bloods ruled the roost as they were entitled to and the Blood Purists bent over backwards to do whatever he wanted of them. They were so easily manipulated, it was almost disgusting.

But if there was one thing that Lord Voldemort was good at, it was taking someone's anger and stirring it up until it boiled over before pointing them at his intended targets.

He was certain that within a year he would have forces at his command which dwarfed that which he had had during his first attempt to seize power.

When he finally did return, Wizarding Britain would not know what hit it.



* * *



The rumble of thunder echoed through the air as another storm passed over the North Sea. Winds blew, clouds swirled and rain hammered down as the sea below churned about. Great waves roiled across the surface of the freezing waters to brake against the rock of Azkaban Island. Thunder rumbled, lightning flashed, a wave smashed against stone and weakness in a cliff face gave out. A great crack split open, another wave slammed against it and it broke away, sliding, falling, toppling before crashing into the sea below, taking with it at least twenty graves containing the remains of some of those who had died in their cells within the large stone prison that stood prominently in the centre of the island.

In the East Wing Guard Room Simon Alton shoved another two logs onto the fire in the fireplace and stoked it up until the flames were roaring away, providing a nice contrast to the storm outside and the fog that permeated throughout the rest of the prison.

Over to one side Benny Cram took four cups out of a cupboard and popped a teabag and a spoonful of sugar into each one before joining Simon by the fire. He set the cups down on a small, wooden table before sitting himself down in his armchair. Simon sat himself down in the one next to him, picking up a copy of The Daily Prophet as he did so.

Benny glanced over and got a look at the headline on the front page, which read

EXPOSED: THE CULT OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE!

"What do you reckon about all this regarding Dumbledore?" Benny asked.

Simon closed the newspaper to look at the front page. He snorted and replied "It's long overdue, I reckon. Even when I was at Hogwarts there was somethin' about Dumbledore that set my teeth on edge. Of course, he was only the Deputy Headmaster back then…"

Behind them the door to the room opened wide, allowing Alexa Dedworth and Jerry Findlater to enter. They had been doing one final patrol of the East Wing of the prison before settling down for the night

"Well, everyone's down for the night," said Alexa. "No problems to report."

"Just what I like to hear," replied Simon.

"Cor, I'm ruddy freezin'!" complained Jerry. "Is the tea ready?"

"Kettle's almost boiled," said Benny.

While every prisoner in the East Wing of Azkaban may have turned in for the night, up in the maximum security wing, one prisoner was still active.

She held her left forearm up to her face and ran her tongue along the skin, licking away the grime and dirt that had accumulated there over the month since she had last been hosed down. Satisfied with her cleaning, she slapped the back of her arm against the heavy wooden door and waited, gazing up at her arm longingly.

A few moments later she was rewarded when lightning flashed outside and a narrow strip of light filtered through the tiny window of her cell. It wasn't much but years spent inside that cell had helped her see clearly in less light.

To her disappointment, when Bellatrix Lestrange saw the Dark Mark tattooed onto her arm, it was faded, nothing like it had been the last time she had been lucid enough to look at it. She knew that her beloved Dark Lord had arisen once again; she felt it through her mark every time he summoned the Death Eaters to him. What's more, she knew it in her heart.

The Dark Lord was back, he was once again going to make his war on the Ministry and this time Bellatrix knew that he would succeed. He would. She knew it.

She had hoped that he would come for her, but it had been over three months now since the mark had first flared to its most painful and yet he had still not come for her.

But he would. She knew he would. She was his favourite, after all. She was his most loyal. She had gone to Azkaban in order to prove herself to him, to prove her loyalty to him and their cause. She knew that her idiot brother – in – law Lucius Malfoy could not say as much, nor could that coward Severus Snape.

There was no way her Lord could run his campaign without her by his side, she told herself. So why had he not come for her? And why was her mark more faded than last time? Was he further away from her now? Had something happened that had caused him to leave? To abandon her?

No, she would not think like that. Lord Voldemort had returned and this time he would be victorious, she was sure of it. And it would be she who would rule at his side, the High Lord and Lady who held dominion over all things.

Yes… Lord Voldemort would come for her and they would win… together…



* * *



Cecilia Greengrass walked down the hallway on the second floor of Greengrass Manor, intending to check in on her daughters before turning in for the night herself.

Gently she opened the door to the bedroom of her eldest daughter Daphne. As the light from the hallway filtered into the room it illuminated Daphne who was sound asleep in her bed, a book lying open on her bed side table.

Satisfies, Cecilia shut the door and checked on her other daughter, Astoria. Finding the younger girl to be asleep also, she turned to head up to the room she shared with her husband, only to pause as she heard a voice muttering to itself from a room a little further down the hall. She went to investigate.

Inside that room she found their guest, Pansy Parkinson, wide awake and sitting at the desk in the room. Balled up pieces of parchment, several broken quills and three empty inkpots littered the floor around her as the girl muttered to herself.

"Pansy?" asked Cecilia as she moved further into the room. "Is everything alright?"

Surprised at the woman's sudden appearance, Pansy turned around to face her. "Oh, hello Mrs Greengrass. I didn't hear you come in."

"I noticed," replied Cecilia, sitting herself down on the edge of the bed. "What's got you up at this late hour?"

Pansy ran a hand over her face in frustration before replying "I've been trying to write a letter to my Uncle to ask if he'll take me in. Don't get me wrong, you and Mr Greengrass have been gracious hosts and I sincerely thank you for it, but I don't want to impose upon you forever."

"Quite understandable," replied Cecilia. "So what seems to be giving you trouble?"

"Dad and my Uncle never got on and I barely even know that side of my family. It feels really weird to be writing to him like this, and I just can't find the right words."

"Pansy you are welcome to stay here for a long as you need. Astoria told us of how you got her out of the castle when Dumbledore made his move and for that you have my gratitude and that of my husband. However if you do want to go and live with your uncle and his family then we will do nothing to stop you. As for writing your letter, the only thing that I can really suggest is that you be completely truthful. Whether the letter is formal or informal ultimately does not matter, if you aren't truthful then it may very well come back to bite you one day. And then where will you be?"

Pansy nodded her head. "I understand. Thank you."

Cecilia smiled and got to her feet. "Don't stay up too late, ok?"

"Ok," agreed Pansy and watched as the older woman left.

Once the door had been shut, Pansy turned back to the desk in front of her.

"Be truthful…" she said to herself before pushing the piece of parchment that she had been writing on to one side and taking a new, blank sheet before picking up her quill, dabbing it into her ink pot and beginning to write.

This time the words just flowed out of her and onto the page with ease.

/\/\/\/\/\

It was after midnight that the large black dog slunk out of his cave in the mountains and made his was down towards the village of Hogsmeade. He had planned on waiting a couple of days before heading back into the village for information but in the end his need for knowledge had outweighed his reservations about entering the village.

Every light in the village was out and even the Three Broomsticks had closed up for the night. He still stuck to the shadows of the houses though, only venturing into the middle of the street when he absolutely had to. The chance of getting caught was still too great.

His first stop was at the Post Office. He knew from his previous stay on the outskirts of the village that any copies of The Daily Prophet that were not sold in the Post Office were bundled up in string and left on the front step under charms that protected them from the weather, ready for a House Elf owned by the newspaper to pick up first thing in the morning.

Padfoot found the bundle for that day and used his teeth to bite through the string before taking the topmost copy into his mouth and letting it land on the floor.

Above him a cloud moved, allowing moonlight to illuminate the village below. By the light of that moon, Padfoot saw the headline on the front page of the newspaper and in his shock he reverted back to human form.

Sitting on the steps of the Post Office he held up the newspaper and stared at the front page.

EXPOSED: THE CULT OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE!

Beneath that banner headline were thirty or more photographs of various witches and wizards, all of whom Sirius knew to be either members of the Order of the Phoenix or a member of staff within Hogwarts Castle – Albus Dumbledore, Alastor Moody, Kingsley Shacklebolt, Aberforth Dumbledore, Arthur Weasley, Molly Weasley, Bill Weasley, Mundungus Fletcher, Sturgis Podmore, Filius Flitwick, Severus Snape…

Sirius' stomach gave a lurch when he saw his own photograph added into the mix. If there was anything that was going to bang the final nail into the coffin of The Order it was his image mixed in with the rest of them on the front page of the national newspaper.

He opened the paper to the second page and was relieved to see that Albus had escaped and that Remus and Hagrid were still unaccounted for but apart from them, Sirius was the only other member of The Order of the Phoenix to not be in Ministry custody.

His eyes were just scanning the paper in an attempt to discover what had provoked the Ministry into taking this course of action when he heard a voice hiss "Stupefy!"

For a split second he saw a flash of red as the magic of the stunning spell raced through the air and slammed into his side, and then the world went black as he slumped over on the step of the Post Office.

Auror John Dawlish lowered his wand and turned to his partner Bertram Savage. "Get Bones here," he ordered "Now."



* * *



A/N: Thanks for reading!

Coming next, Chapter 32: The Fate of the Order of the Phoenix.





*Chapter 33*: The Fate of the Order Part 1


			This chapter primarily deals with Sirius. If any of what is included regarding the night Harry's parents were murdered is incorrect, I can only apologise and say that for some reason I have misplaced my copies of Philosopher's Stone, Prisoner of Azkaban, Order of the Phoenix and Half Blood Prince. I literally cannot find them anywhere and it is doing my head in!

Anyway, I have Sirius turning up at the ruined Potter House before Hagrid and although I have a feeling that may be wrong; I think it makes a little more sense this way. And let's face it, if there is one thing in that has never been explained to a satisfactory extent without a mass of contradictions and very dodgy timeline, it is the events of Halloween, 1981.

I've also slightly expanded Sirius' encounter with Pettigrew before the latter faked his death. I think it makes a little more sense the way I've done it because as far as I can tell from canon, Sirius randomly happens upon Peter on a street in Muggle London a relatively short period of time after James and Lily are killed – again the timeline of events between 31st October and 2nd November 1981 are as complicated as hell, so this is just me trying to make some sense of it all!

Anyway, enjoy!



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 32: The Fate of The Order of the Phoenix

Part 1: Sirius Black

The highest security prisoner cells were located so deep below the Ministry of Magic that most people thought that their existence was only a rumour. After all, everyone knew that level ten, where the courtrooms were located, was as low as the Ministry floors went.

Unless, of course, you were one of the select few who knew otherwise. Entry to those cells could be found on level ten, though the entrance to the stairway down to level eleven was magically concealed from all those who did not know the secret. In fact it was a lot like the barrier at Kings Cross Station that granted access to Platform Nine and Three Quarters. Just as any passing Muggle could lean on that barrier all day and never fall through, anyone who did not know where the entrance to level eleven was could lean against the spot in the wall where the entrance was concealed and never actually find their way down.

The secret was known only to the top level of staff found within both the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and the Department of Mysteries, as well as the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and the Minister for Magic.

John Dawlish and Bertram Savage were two of very few Aurors high ranking enough to be allowed access to level eleven and as such it was they who were given the task of escorting the newly recaptured Sirius Black to his new home.

With magic-suppressing manacles locked securely around his wrists and ankles, chains linking them together, Sirius was in no position to resist as he was dragged along the corridor between the cells. Every so often he got a look at those imprisoned behind bars and was dismayed to see that many of them were either members of The Order of the Phoenix of staff of Hogwarts.

He caught sight of Tonks' purple hair, Moody's electric blue magical eye and though he didn't see him it was obvious which cell contained Mundungus Fletcher just from the smell.

To Sirius' surprise he was not immediately thrown into a cell. He had been under the impression that he would be chucked behind bars for the amount of time it took them to get a Dementor from Azkaban. Instead he was taken to the opposite end of the corridor where a large, heavy door made of iron stood slightly ajar. The door was pushed open and Sirius was shoved into the room beyond.

"He's all yours, boss," said Dawlish before closing the door with a clang. Having contacted their Head of Department after capturing Sirius in Hogsmeade their instructions had been to bring him straight to the interrogation room at the end of level eleven.

"Well, well… Sirius Black, finally back in the hands of the Ministry of Magic."

Sirius wheeled around to find Amelia Bones and Rufus Scrimgeour sitting behind a wooden desk in the centre of the room.

"You seem surprised, Black," observed Scrimgeour.

"Just trying to work out why I am not currently being fed to a Dementor," replied Sirius.

"Oh, believe me," said Amelia "if you had been captured just a few short months ago then that would indeed be the case. However, since then I have had the opportunity to speak with a couple of people, namely one Harry Potter, and the story that they tell is an intriguing one to say the least. I find myself compelled to hear your side of it."

Sirius' eyes widened in surprise "You've spoken to Harry? What happened to him? Why did he vanish over the summer?"

Amelia gave a flick of her wand and the lone chair on the opposite side of the desk slid back.

"Sit down, Black. We have some talking to do."

Sirius sat.

"The first thing we need to establish," began Scrimgeour "is what role you played in the demise of Lily and James Potter on Halloween night, 1981."

Sirius bowed his head sadly. "I suppose you could say it was partly my fault. When they went into hiding beneath the Fidelius charm, James asked me to be their secret keeper. I was honoured that they would trust me with such an important task but I felt that I was too obvious. James and I were best friends… almost brothers. I thought that if anyone wanted to find their secret keeper, I would be the first one that they would look for."

"So you weren't their secret keeper?" asked Scrimgeour, looking for clarification.

"No. I convinced them to change it to Wormtail."

"Wormtail?"

"Peter Pettigrew. Wormtail was the nickname we gave him at Hogwarts. We thought it was the perfect plan. Peter wasn't all that smart or skilled. He wasn't powerful. We thought that Peter would be the last person the Death Eaters would go after. Of course, we didn't know the truth…"

"What truth?" pressed Amelia.

"That he was already a Death Eater."

"Pettigrew? A Death Eater?" exclaimed Scrimgeour.

"Dumbledore formed The Order of the Phoenix to try and combat Voldemort. We knew that someone was leaking information, had been for around a year. I am ashamed to admit that I thought it was Remus Lupin. I thought that perhaps the stigma of being a Werewolf had finally become too much for him and he had joined the other werewolves who had already aligned themselves with the Death Eaters.

"That night when everything went wrong, I sensed something was wrong. I don't know what it was, but something told me that I had to go and check on Peter. I went to the little apartment we had secured for him in Muggle London, where he was supposed to be laying low and found it empty. There were no signs of a struggle but I still feared the worst and took my flying motorcycle straight to Godric's Hollow. The house was wrecked, James and Lily were dead, and Harry was in his cot, crying his eyes out."

"Was there any sign that anyone else had been there?" asked Amelia.

"I don't think so…" replied Sirius. "There was a pile of singed, black robes, all that was left of Voldemort, I suppose."

"Yes, records indicate that much," said Amelia. "Was there any sign of a wand?"

"Not that I can remember," answered Sirius, honestly. "Why?"

"We scoured that house from top to bottom looking for that wand. The conclusion we came to is that it either vanished along with Voldemort's body, or –"

"Or somebody else came along to take it," finished Sirius. "I suppose there is a chance that Wormtail was there that night…"

"Why didn't you take the Potter boy?" asked Scrimgeour, trying to get the conversation back on topic. "You were his Godfather. Why leave him there?"

"It was my intention to. I took him out of his cot and held him close. He quieted down in the presence of someone familiar. I bundled him up in some blankets and salvaged some of his things from the rubble… a few changes of clothes, his favourite teddy bear, that sort of thing. Anyway, I got downstairs and out the front door, only to find my way blocked by Hagrid."

"Hagrid?" asked Scrimgeour. "Rubeus Hagrid? What on earth would he be doing there?"

"He said something about being sent by Dumbledore. I don't know… so much of what happened is a haze… Dumbledore must have had some sort of way of getting alerted in the event of the Fidelius charm falling, though why he didn't come himself…"

"Did Hagrid say why Dumbledore had sent him?"

Sirius shrugged his shoulders. "Dumbledore wanted Harry. Wanted to take him somewhere safe I suppose. Dumbledore didn't know about the change in secret keeper you see, I suppose he wanted to get Harry away from me in case I was a Death Eater. I didn't want to hand Harry over, but Hagrid had his orders. Our arguing got a bit heated and in the end… I don't know, I guess I just handed him over. I told Hagrid to take my bike and told him to make sure Harry was safe. Then I went after Pettigrew."

"I tracked him down him down to London later the next day. The stupid idiot had rushed to Diagon Alley for some supplies and I spotted him coming out of Gringotts. He never got the hang of apparition so when he saw me he ran for it. Lots of people were out in the Alley that day, knowing that Voldemort had been defeated, and I had to push my way through a large crowd of people in order to try to get to him. He managed to stay ahead of me and got to the Leaky Cauldron well before I did. By the time I got there he was just disappearing through the front door into the Muggle world. I had to chase him down several muggle streets before he finally took a wrong turn and I cornered him.

"He started shouting that I had betrayed James and Lily. I shouted back that is was him and threatened to kill him for his betrayal. That's when he blew up the street, killing twelve muggle bystanders in the process."

"And what happened to Pettigrew?" asked Amelia.

"He cut of a finger in order to trick people into thinking that that was all that was left of him and then he transformed and disappeared into the sewers, leaving me standing there, borderline hysterical. Moments later the Aurors showed up and arrested me."

"You say he transformed…" began Scrimgeour.

"He was an animagus," replied Sirius. "A rat. I'm one too, a dog. James was a stag. We learned at Hogwarts so that we could safely keep Remus company while he was transformed during the full moon."

"I assume that this animagus form has something to do with how you escaped from Azkaban undetected?" asked Amelia.

"Yes. For some reason the Dementors could not sense me when I was in dog form. One day they let open the cell door and I was able to slip right by them unnoticed."

"Why wait twelve years to try?"

"I didn't want to risk it. I knew that if I was caught trying to escape I would be sentenced to the kiss. So I stayed in my cell hoping that someone would come through and realise that I had never been given a trial. Then one day Fudge turned up for a look around and left a copy of The Daily Prophet behind. Right there on the front cover was Pettigrew in rat form."

"How did you know it was him?" asked Scrimgeour.

"To be honest I was never completely sure," said Sirius. "Pettigrew's animagus form didn't have too much about it that made it significantly distinct from any other rat, but when I saw that there was a toe missing on its front paw… In the photograph he was being held by a young boy with red hair and the article said that the five youngest children of the family were all at Hogwarts. That rat being at Hogwarts while Harry was there was too much of a coincidence for my liking. I had to do something."

Silence filled the room for a few moments, broken only by the sound of a blue dictation quill as it furiously scribbled out a transcript of the questioning.

Finally Amelia asked "What can you tell us about the night you were captured at Hogwarts?"

"Getting to Hogwarts was relatively easy. I remained in my animagus form for most of the way and made it there by early October. Getting inside the castle and getting my hands on that rat was a completely different matter. Then, one day, I happened to find Harry and his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger out on the grounds of the school. Ron had the rat in his hands. Pettigrew realised I was nearby and ran so I went for him. Ron tried to stop me so I grabbed him and Pettigrew and dragged them both into a secret passageway beneath the Whomping Willow. I knew that if Harry was anything like his father he would follow us and I wanted to talk to him away from prying eyes.

"The passageway leads to the Shrieking Shack. Once there I only had to wait for about a minute for Harry to turn up with Hermione in tow. Luckily for me, no matter how much he might have wanted to kill me on some level, Harry doesn't have the killer's instinct. I thought that he might give me a painful hexing though, before Remus turned up."

"He saw you going after them?" suggested Scrimgeour.

"Yes, though not in person. When we at school, James, Remus, Peter and I developed a map of the school and grounds which could show where people were at any given time. We were pranksters and developing that map helped us to evade capture. During the time that Remus had been teaching at Hogwarts the map had found its way into Harry's hands. Remus confiscated it out of fear that I would somehow get my hands on it. He was looking at it on the evening in question. He saw me on the map clear and anything. Then he spotted Harry, Ron, Hermione and a fourth name. The moment he saw Pettigrew's name he pieced everything together and came running just as I was dragging Ron and the rat into the passageway.

"Together Remus and I convinced tried to convince Harry of the truth, but then Snape turned up. He had gone to Remus' office moments after he left it and saw the map. He completely missed Pettigrew's name and locked onto mine. He was so overjoyed at the prospect of being the one to capture me and at having what he saw as being proof that Remus was helping me. Add in the added bonus of having caught Harry out of bounds and he was in no mood to listen to anyone. Harry wasn't particularly in the mood to put up with Snape's behaviour and hit him with a disarming hex at the exact same time as Ron and Hermione did. He spent the rest of the encounter out cold.

"In the end we had to forcefully reverse Pettigrew's transformation, but it worked. Pettigrew was exposed and, most importantly, Harry believed me."

"I was rather determined to commit one of the crimes that I had been imprisoned for and by this time Remus shared that same sentiment but Harry wouldn't let us kill him. He said that Pettigrew had to be taken by the Ministry and questioned so that I could be free properly.

"Unfortunately the reason that Snape went to Remus' office was that he had brewed the Wolfsbane potion for Remus and was bringing him a dose. In his eagerness to capture me he left the potion in Remus' office. Within moments of us leaving the Shrieking Shack, Remus transformed. I turned into my dog form to fight him off and somewhere along the line Pettigrew escaped. Remus ran off into the forest and my last memory is of being slumped over at the edge of the lake with Harry and Hermione standing over me trying to cast the patronus charm.

"So Snape never actually saw Pettigrew?" prompted Amelia.

Sirius shook his head ruefully. "We should have bound him in ropes and forces him to wake up and see the truth for himself."

"And what of your escape?" asked Scrimgeour.

"I woke up locked inside Professor Flitwick's office. I knew that the Dementors were being sent for and I didn't have a lot of hope of escaping. So, you can probably imagine my surprise when Harry and Hermione turned up outside the window on the back of a Hippogriff. They broke me out and we flew up to the Astronomy Tower where they got off. We said our goodbyes and I flew off with the Hippogriff."

"Would that Hippogriff be the same one that just hours earlier had escaped before the execution order against it could be carried out?" queried Scrimgeour.

"Correct," answered Sirius. According to Harry, Buckbeak was only sentenced to death because Lucius Malfoy's son didn't pay attention in their Care of Magical Creatures class and got himself hurt as a result. Lucius then threw his name around along with a bit of gold and bullied the members of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures into doing what he wanted them to. Harry doesn't take too kindly the innocent being sentenced to death."

"Well, Mr Black, your story corroborates with what Harry Potter told us so I believe we have enough evidence to get your case heard before the Wizengamot." explained Amelia. "Just to be sure we will also be getting testimonies from Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger. We will also be getting a full and truthful account out of Severus Snape. If he does indeed confirm that he was unconscious during the majority of the events in the Shrieking Shack then we can add more charges to him when his trial comes around. I would also like to speak with Remus Lupin about that night and contact both Rubeus Hagrid and Albus Dumbledore about their actions on the night that James and Lily were killed. However, those three appear to have vanished off the face of the earth."

"Madam Bones, I have answered all of your questions," replied Sirius. "Please return the favour. What is going on with The Order of the Phoenix?"



* * *



The sun had not even begun to think about rising in the sky when Harry was shaken awake from his slumber by Sarah.

"We got an owl from Amelia," she said by way of explanation. "Sirius was captured earlier in Hogsmeade. She and Rufus Scrimgeour are interviewing him now. They're hoping to get him a trial tomorrow morning, before the rest of The Order of the Phoenix get their trials."

Harry sat up in his bed and grabbed his glassed off of his bedside cabinet.

"Good," he replied as he put them on. "It's about time he was freed."

"I woke you up because once they're done with Sirius they want you to go to the Ministry and provide your own testimony." said Sarah. "I know that you have told Amelia everything you know about Sirius already but this time it will all be official. Go get yourself cleaned up and then I'll take you to the Ministry."



* * *



When Amelia finished telling Sirius exactly what had been going on, the former Azkaban inmate was seething.

"How dare that whiskered old wanker do this? Who the f*ck does he think he is?"

"All questions that we would like him to answer as well, I can assure you," said Amelia. "In many ways The Order of the Phoenix is just as bad as the Death Eaters. Although we have no evidence that any of them have ever committed murder, some of their actions are equally vile and while the Death Eaters justify their actions with claims of the importance of Blood Purity, The Order carry out their actions in the name of Dumbledore's nebulous Greater Good. Not only that, but many of them follow Dumbledore because he has something on them that he could use against them. They do his bidding rather than face up to what they did."

Sirius slumped forward in his seat and buried his face in his hands. "But this is Dumbledore we're talking about…"

"That's the mentality, Sirius," said Rufus. "I see it has been getting to you too. Think about it Sirius, Dumbledore knew of your innocence over a year ago. Until a few months ago he was the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. During that time he did not once come to either myself or Amelia to present any evidence of your innocence."

Amelia then added "Kingsley Shacklebolt was the Auror in charge of the mission to track you down. He knew of your innocence once he joined the Order and yet rather than bring this to our attention he instead chose to waste Ministry time, money, manpower and other resources by sending Aurors on a wild goose chase in Tibet. Dumbledore knew you were innocent and that you did not get a proper trial and yet he has done nothing to push the matter with the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Cornelius Fudge would not have had the authority to order my Department to stop any investigation and Dumbledore knows it. Instead he chose to keep the matter quiet, leaving you officially a criminal on the run and therefore unable to attempt to have yourself declared Harry Potter's guardian."

Sirius was silent for a few moments before speaking again. "Remus Lupin is trying to make contact with the werewolf packs. Dumbledore wanted him to try and convince them not to side with Voldemort's forces in the coming war. Hagrid is somewhere in France. He was working with Madam Maxime of the Beauxbatons Academy in order to try and make contact with the Giant colonies, for the same reasons as Remus was sent to the Werewolves."

"I see," said Amelia. "Are you sure Dumbledore was trying to get them to stay out of the war and that he wasn't trying to recruit them for his own cause?"

Sirius shook his head. "As far as I know, it was just about keeping them out of things. We were getting a bit worried about Hagrid though – he was supposed to return before the new school year started so as to not arouse suspicion. We heard from Madam Maxime a few weeks ago. She had returned to Beauxbatons but she had Hagrid had been forced to part ways."

"Has Dumbledore sent anyone to look for Hagrid?"

"No,"

Rufus pinched the bridge of his nose wearily. "Everyone was so disparaging of Ludo Bagman last year for not sending someone to look for Bertha Jorkins and now Dumbledore has gone and done the same thing."

"I'm afraid that we don't have the resources to do anything about it now," said Amelia. "We're stretched thin as it is. We've got people here organising the trials, we've got others on the lookout for Dumbledore and we've got people looking out for Malfoy and his ilk."

Sirius looked up at that. "Malfoy? Lucius Malfoy?"

Amelia exchanged a look with Scrimgeour before answering "When Snape was arrested for trying to murder Sarah Abbott it evidently set off a few alarm bells. Lucius Malfoy, his wife Narcissa and their son Draco had all disappeared before we could get Snape to name Lucius as a Death Eater under truth serum. By the time we got there they were long gone. The same can be said of the Notts, Crabbes, Goyles, Carrows, Yaxley, Averys, Jugsons and the more unpleasant branch of the Parkinson line, amongst others."

Sirius frowned and said "You know, a mass disappearance like that indicates that someone must have been in charge…"

"We realise that, Mr Black," said Amelia. "However it is the official position of the Ministry of Magic, based on the testimony offered by Harry Potter, your Godson, that the dark wizards who calls himself Lord Voldemort has not returned."

Upon seeing Sirius' uncomfortable expression, she added, "There are, of course, those within the Ministry, myself and Rufus included, who know otherwise. However we are unable to chance the Minister's stance on this issue and find that it is best to work covertly instead of trying to rock the boat. As it happens, Dumbledore's recent actions, along with the disappearance of so many Death Eaters who claimed to be under the enchantment of an imperius curse has proved to be a massive boon for us. Just a few short hours ago the Minister approved a twenty five percent budget increase for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, a twenty percent increase of the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, a fifteen percent increase for the Department of International Magical Cooperation, a twelve percent increase for the Department of Mysteries. We most certainly will be using this boon to track down Dumbledore, the Death Eaters and Voldemort himself."

Sirius breathed a sigh of relief. "Well, that's something at least."

There was a knock at the door.

"Come in," called Amelia.

The door opened and Dawlish stepped inside. "Harry Potter has arrived to give testimony on the Black case." he said, gruffly.

"Excellent," said Amelia. "Show him to the Aurors' break room. We'll be up to see him as soon as we've finished here. It shouldn't be too long."

Dawlish nodded and left.

"Harry's here," said Sirius once the door had closed behind Dawlish. "Who has he been staying with?"

"He has been staying with myself and my niece Susan at Bones Manor," relied Amelia as she collected her notes together. "Though most of the time Sarah Abbott has been the one taking care of him, and her daughter is determined to help in any way she can."

Despite his nervousness of his upcoming trail, Sirius could not help but grin roguishly. "So my Godson is spending his time in the company of the heiresses of the Bones and Abbott families is he? I'm so proud."

Amelia couldn't help but chuckle before saying "I don't think that there is anything romantic going on between them Sirius. Right now Susan is just happy being his friend while Hannah is quickly establishing the brother-sister dynamic that they would have developed growing up together had Dumbledore not interfered."

"Yeah, about that," said Sirius. "On the one hand Dumbledore lets me be put into Azkaban without a trial despite being Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot and then doesn't see fit to talk in my favour once the truth is out. On the other he succeeds in getting a Wizengamot ruling banning Sarah from contacting Harry. Seems to be overstepping the boundaries a bit, don't you think?"

"Our thoughts exactly," said Rufus, now packed up and ready to go. "Dumbledore wanted Potter as isolated as possible, no doubt about it."

As the two senior members of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement got to their feet Amelia added "Oh, and Mr Black, the next time you see Harry, do yourself a favour and don't crack jokes about potential girlfriends. He was starting something with one of the daughters of the Patil family. Unfortunately Dumbledore's recent actions convinced her parents to send their children to India to complete their education. Harry is quite upset about it."

"Got it," replied Sirius, giving her a thumbs up.



* * *



Outside the interrogation room Amelia turned to Dawlish. "Please escort Mr Black to a holding cell until his trial tomorrow."

Dawlish nodded and went into the interrogation room while Rufus addressed Savage. "Please go to the residence of Muriel Prewitt and obtain Mr Ronald Weasley for questioning. Then go to the Granger family house in Winchester and collect Miss Hermione Granger. They are both eyewitnesses to an event that we need to have verified."

"Of course, Ma'am," replied Savage before hurrying off.

"Rufus, could you please arrange a team to go and pick up Remus Lupin? If what Black told us is true then he should be somewhere near the Werewolf dens in Suffolk. A team of six should be enough. I'm going up to meet with Harry."

Rufus have a nod of acknowledgement and left.



* * *



Courtroom ten was a roar of chatter as people waited for the trails to begin. Harry looked around from the seat he had been directed to near the front. As one of the key witnesses to the recent actions of the Order of the Phoenix and its allies he had been directed to one of the seats closest to the action. Sarah and Hannah were with him as was Susan.

Scanning the crowd, Harry could see a good few other students and their families; Neville, Katie, Daphne and Astoria, Tracey, Lee, Bianca, Geoffrey, Pansy, Luna, Natalie, Seamus, Dean, Ernie, Justin, Hermione, Terry, Michael, Anthony, Ron and all of his siblings except Bill… It had been easy to get wound up in how Dumbledore's actions had affected him, but now he realised just how far reaching the consequences of those actions were.

Harry had, of course, been affected most, given how it was his memories that were obliviated and his behaviour changed so that he would listen to Dumbledore again, but hand in hand with that went the mass-drugging of all of the students of Hogwarts so that they would just automatically believe that this change in character had happened and not question it.

Those who had escaped the initial dosage had been hunted down by The Order…

The people gathered were clearly furious and wanted answers. Through their actions The Order of the Phoenix had directed the ire of nearly every single Wizarding Family against them. In some sections of the muggle world, there would be people on the Wizengamot who would be asked to step aside for the duration of the trial so as to avoid a conflict of interests in determining a verdict. To Harry's mind however, if they were to undertake such a practice here today, the entire Wizengamot would have to step aside. Worse, there likely would be no one that they could ask to step in in their place; such was the far reaching scope of the Order's actions.

There were reporters too. Already they were scribbling furiously with quills on parchment, no doubt determined to paint a clear picture of the atmosphere in the courtroom before the trail had even begun.

Looking up to the Wizengamot seats, Harry noticed a few empty spaces. He asked Sarah about it.

She chuckled ruefully. "Noticed that did you? Well, some of those seats are empty in reverence for some of the old families that are no longer around. At the back there are the seats belonging to the Ancient and Noble houses."

Harry directed his eyes to the back and saw Edward and a few others sitting in that row, though some of the seats were empty.

"Amelia is the chief prosecutor today," explained Sarah. "That's why the Bones' seat is empty. Edward is acting as her proxy. You can see Augusta Longbottom up there as well."

Harry nodded upon spotting the elderly matriarch of the Longbottom family. It had taken him a moment to realise who she was because he had never seen her without her trademark hat with a stuffed vulture perched on top.

Sarah went on "The other seats with people in them belong to the houses of Crickerly, Evermonde, Lufkin, McPhail, Minchum, Moon, Spavin, Spencer and Stump. The other empty seats are the Black seat, which Sirius should be able to reclaim once he is officially cleared. Then there are the seats for the Founders of Hogwarts; Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Slytherin. Then there's the Gamp seat – Ulick Gamp was the first Minister for Magic, you know? He founded the Department of Magical Law Enforcement during his time in office. And then of course there are the McKinnon and Meadowes seats. Oh and there's one left… Of course, it's the Potter seat. You'll be able to claim that once you're of age."

"So does someone vote by proxy for the Potter seat?" asked Harry.

"Yes," said Amelia. "Unfortunately it used to be Dumbledore."

"Damn," muttered Harry. "What about those other vacant seats?"

"I believe there was a stalemate over the Black seat," explained Sarah. "Narcissa Malfoy has tried claiming it several times but some argued she was too far removed from the main line while others were opposed to having the seat effectively in the hands of the Malfoy family. Dumbledore tried to claim proxy over the seat, but that wasn't popular either. In the end it was left as an abandoned seat. For the others, their family lines have ended and no one can currently claim to own the seat so it is determined that they do not need a proxy.

"What about the other empty seats?" asked Harry.

"Some of those are also from extinct families; Gaunt, Dippett, Leech, Fenwick, Crowdy, Flack… The Crouch Family only became extinct a few months ago. Some of the other empty seats are ones formerly owned by people who are in Azkaban; such as the Lestrange seat and the Rookwood seat. Then there are the Malfoys. They used to have a seat, but one of their ancestors was caught engaging in a bit of Muggle baiting. It is to the never ending shame of Lucius that his family were kicked out of the Wizengamot over it.

"And then there are the more recent vacancies. The capture of Severus Snape caused a lot of people to panic. No one have seen anything of the Avery, Nott, Montague, Higginbottom, McGhie, Rowle and Yaxley families in several days. Their failure to show up here only proves that they've decided to run for it. Then we have those who are on trial; the Doge and Vance families are down to just one member each and both were arrested at Hogwarts. The McGonagall family also have a seat, but Minerva has always refused it and allowed Dumbledore to vote for her by proxy."

"Really?" asked Harry in surprise.

"Of all the people loyal to Dumbledore, Minerva McGonagall's level of devotion concerns us the most," Sarah explained. "She has already been sent to the care of the Mind Healers at St Mungo's Hospital and I wouldn't be at all surprised if a few more members of The Order end up going the same way once is said and done here."

Any further questions that Harry may have had were stopped when the voice of The Minister for Magic called out loudly.

"Order! Order, please!"

The courtroom quieted down. Harry looked up at the Minister and saw that Dolores Umbridge was back at his side, something which Harry found oddly comforting.

"Now," began Fudge, standing up so as to make sure that everyone in the courtroom could see him. "As you are no doubt aware, a little over two years ago a prisoner by the name of Sirius Black escaped from Azkaban Prison and has been on the run ever since. However, new evidence has been brought to light, evidence that I was heretofore unaware of. It has been brought to my attention that under the actions of my predecessor, Minister Millicent Bagnold, and the former director of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Bartemius Crouch Snr, both now sadly deceased, that Sirius Black did not receive a proper trail before the Wizengamot, as is his right as a wizard, and as the heir to a Noble and Ancient House.

"Last night, Senior Aurors John Dawlish and Bertram Savage happened upon Sirius Black in Hogsmeade and apprehended him. Black willingly complied with a questioning session carried out by the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Amelia Bones, and Head Auror Rufus Scrimgeour. They now have reason to believe that he may in fact be innocent."

As shocked murmur rose in the courtroom, causing Fudge to raise his voice in order to be heard as he went on "Therefore, our first order of business for today is to carry out the trial that my predecessor denied to Mr Black. Aurors, bring him in!"

Harry noted the Minister's political spin, making sure that any blame that should arise should Sirius be found innocent would be directed at Millicent Bagnold and Bartemius Crouch Snr. Though to be entirely honest, Harry agreed that the blame did lie with them. Fudge could only act on the information that he had, after all.

The doors at the back of the room were opened and Sirius, his arms locked in chains though his legs were free, walked inside, surrounded in a ring of seven Aurors led by Dawlish.

Harry and his godfather managed to make eye contact with each other as the older man passed and Harry tried to convey the message that everything would be ok.

Sirius was sat in a wooden seat in the middle of the courtroom and the chains attached to it wrapped themselves around his arms and torso.

It may have been fourteen years overdue, but the trial of Sirius Black had finally begun.



* * *



A/N: And the next chapter will start with the Wizengamot's verdict! (Sirius gave all the evidence he could at the start on this chapter, so I won't be repeating it!)

Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this. The rest of The Order and their allies will be getting their trials in the next chapter. I've got some really good things lined up, including an in-depth analysis of just how the hell Molly and Arthur Weasley could afford to send all seven of their kids to Hogwarts on Arthur's wages (and no, nothing was stolen from Harry) and an explanation as to why Filch is the way he is!

See ya next time and thanks for reading!





*Chapter 34*: The Fate of the Order Part 2


			Rest in Peace, Alan Rickman.

I may loathe Severus Snape, but you brought him to life perfectly on the big screen and I cannot think of anyone who could have done the job better.

You even got me to feel bad for the guy, something that a certain author failed to do.

The acting world now has a massive piece missing from it that can never and will never be refilled.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 32: The Fate of The Order of the Phoenix

Part 2: The Trial

The evidence had been heard. Sirius Black's testimony to Amelia Bones had been read out, Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley and Hermione Granger had all been questioned to see if their stories corroborated with the information Black had provided, memories drawn from the mind of Severus Snape had been seen and memories of that fateful day in which thirteen muggles lost their lives had been pulled out of the archives and examined thoroughly.

There was nothing more that could be done. They just had to wait for the Wizengamot to return from their deliberations. Fudge had granted them an hour and that hour was almost up.

Harry shifted nervously in his seat next to his Godmother. He had never known an hour take so long to pass. He looked around the courtroom, trying to gauge the mood of the audience.

There were a lot of people here who quite clearly did not care about the fate of Sirius Black, probably because it did not directly affect them. If he was found innocent he would be set free and if he was found guilty he would be placed back in Azkaban. Neither result had much impact on them.

They were here for the trails that were to come after.

But there were others who were clearly waiting anxiously for news of Sirius' fate. The reporters were waiting on the edges of their seats, and with good reason. If Sirius was found innocent, then a precedent would be set – There were many wizards and witches locked up in Azkaban. If Sirius was found innocent then there would be a surge of people demanding reviews of how their friends or family members ended up behind those cold stone walls. Whether a prisoner received a trail or not would ultimately be inconsequential – if the Ministry could make a mistake with Sirius Black, then what's to say that there wasn't a similar mistake made with someone else in Azkaban? It could be lack of a trial or false evidence or any number of other possibilities. If Sirius Black was found innocent, the Ministry would be swamped with requests for retrials.

And if he was found guilty, well, that made a nice headline too, didn't it?

There were people in the crowd of the general public who were clearly waiting for that aforementioned precedent to be set.

Other than Harry and those seated immediately around him, the only others waiting for results of the trail were the Weasley siblings and Hermione. Of them, only Ron and Hermione had been able to provide anything useful for the Wizengamot, having been there with Harry in the Shrieking Shack when the truth about Sirius was first exposed. Both had given their testimonies, though it was clear that they hadn't been given must training in how to deal with the situation, unlike Harry who had spent several hours being coached by Sarah and Edward on what would be expected of him in the courtroom.

Nevertheless, their testimonies had stood up in comparison to that which Harry and Sirius had each given and everyone had seemed satisfied.

As Harry watched them, Hermione turned slightly and for a moment their eyes locked. She tried to offer a smile, but her nerves prevented her from pulling it off successfully. Harry knew what she meant, however, and answered with a nod before turning his eyes back to the Wizengamot seats.

A moment later the door to the side of the room opened and Minister Fudge led the Wizengamot members back into the room, their deliberations over. From Harry's point of view, they seemed to take forever to find their seats.

Once the entire Wizengamot had resumed their seats, Fudge called out to Sirius to be brought back in. Harry turned towards the doors again to see Sirius being led in by Dawlish and Proudfoot.

Harry suddenly felt like a lump the size of an apple had grown in his throat.

This was it.

Once Sirius was seated, Fudge cleared his throat and stood up. "Sirius Black, the Wizengamot has heard the evidence provided in favour of your innocence and reviewed the evidence of your guilt. They had had an hour to deliberate. They will now reveal their verdict."

He turned his back on the courtroom at large to address those seated behind him.

"Those in favour of upholding the Ministry's original decision, please raise your hands?"

In total, thirteen people raised their hands, causing Harry's stomach to flip.

"And those in favour of clearing the accused of all charges?" continued Fudge.

The question was not needed because the stance of the majority had already been shown, but as all but thirteen hands were raised into the air. Harry was pleased to see that Edward Abbott, Dolores Umbridge and Augusta Longbottom were all in this second group.

Umbridge slipped a sheaf of parchment to Fudge and the Minister nodded in approval after examining whatever was on it. A moment later he announced "Sirius Black, the Wizengamot had cleared you of all charges and have agreed to pay you the sum of G40000 in compensation for false imprisonment. Furthermore an international arrest warrant for Peter Pettigrew is to be issued out by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement immediately."

Auror Dawlish gave a wave of his wand and Sirius let out a joyous whoop as the magic-suppressing manacles on his wrists fell free.

Harry was already out of his seat and within moments he was hugging his godfather. Dozens of camera bulbs flashed from within the press section, everyone eager to get that image for their articles.

"Mr Black," said Fudge. "If you could please take a seat beside your godson, we will move on to our next case, the trial of the so called Order of the Phoenix."

Sirius followed Harry to the bench near the front where Harry had been sitting. The entire row shuffled up along the bench to allow Sirius room to sit.

While that was going on, Dawlish and Proudfoot had left the room. A moment later they returned with a procession of Aurors and prisoners. The Aurors were all paired up with a prisoner in between them. Dawlish had now paired with Scrimgeour and they a bound Bill Weasley between them while behind them Proudfoot and Savage were leading Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody, followed by Rhobards and Williamson who had Kingsley with them.

At the very end of the line came Severus Snape, surrounded by six Aurors. Evidently the Department of Magical Law Enforcement had elected to take no chances with the greasy git.

Each member of The Order was placed into a chair where chains immediately latched themselves firmly around their wrists and ankles. The Aurors who had brought them in then took up guard positions behind them.

Harry looked at them all and realised that The Order was actually a lot larger than he had realised. Some he recognised as being people whom he had met before, many of them in fact having been his teacher at some point. Others he recognised from when their faces had been published in The Daily Prophet over the last few days. But there were perhaps two dozen more that he had never seen in his life.

The grasping reach of Albus Dumbledore's influence was long indeed.

Once everyone was settled, the Minister stood up to address the courtroom once again.

"My fellow wizards and witches, we are here to carry out the trial of a vigilante group calling themselves The Order of the Phoenix. They and their allies assisted Albus Dumbledore in the highly illegal use of mind magic upon the person of one Harry James Potter, and in the mass drugging of many students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. We wish to determine exactly to what extent each of these people were involved in this barbaric travesty, as well as how and why they became involved in The Order of the Phoenix in the first place.

After pausing for a moment to take a sip of water from a goblet situated in front of him he continued "It is important to note that in addition to Albus Dumbledore there are two other people who have not been brought before us today.

"After a thorough examination it was decided that Minerva McGonagall would be sent for further examination at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries.

"Rubeus Hagrid on the other hand is not currently in the country. A delegation made up from members of The Department of Magical Law Enforcement and The Department of International Magical Cooperation are currently organising ways to have him located and brought back home."

"Amelia, you have the floor."

"Thank you, Minister," said Madam Bones, getting to her feet in order to address the courtroom at large.

"Over the past few days, we in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, with no small amount of help from The Department of Mysteries, have striven to determine the truth about the Order of the Phoenix, from its origins, to its members, including what they have done and why. The results have been interesting to say the least."

"Every member of the Order of the Phoenix that we have gathered here today has been questioned extensively. Veritaserum and legillimency have been used where needed, with full approval of The Minister's Office."

"I will now go through the members of The Order one by one and reveal what we now know. Once you have heard the case against each member, the Wizengamot will be asked, by a show of hands, to pass a verdict of guilty or not guilty."

Madam Bones paused here and beckoned to the two Aurors standing behind the chair in which Remus Lupin was detained. Both Aurors nodded and flicked their wands at Lupin's chair. The chair lifted off of the ground, floated forward a few feet and then landed again, leaving Lupin in the centre of everyone's attention.

"To start with," continued Madam Bones "we have Remus John Lupin, aged 35. Mr Lupin is a known Werewolf. I have liaised with the Werewolf Registry Office in our Ministry's Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. They have assured me that Mr Lupin is classed as a "Werewolf of Least Concern."

"For those of you who might not know, this means that Mr Lupin is not known to have done anything to cause concern within the Werewolf Registry Office. He has consistently complied with regulatory requirements for Werewolves, including updating the Department should he move home and possessing a trunk with an internal expansion charm in which he spends the night of a full moon so as to not pose a risk to others.

"For all in intents and purposes, he is what the Werewolf Registry Office would consider "an ideal Werewolf" – one whom the Office does not have to worry about, the polar opposite to Fenrir Greyback."

Harry could not help but admire Amelia right then. While opinions about the effectiveness of the Werewolf Registry Office were often divided, there was no doubting that it was there for a reason. Amelia had not hidden the fact that Remus was a Werewolf, something that was bound to rub certain people the wrong way, but she still spun it so that Remus was seen in the best possible light. Personally, Harry had no idea just who this Fenrir Greyback character was, but affect was obvious when Amelia asserted that Remus was the complete opposite of Greyback.

"So," continued Amelia "How does an ideal Werewolf end up involved with the Order of the Phoenix? Well, the answer is simple – He felt he owed Albus Dumbledore."

As some members of the Wizengamot exchanged looks, Amelia spoke in a slightly louder voice. "I suggest that you take extra notice of that, as it will be a reoccurring theme in these trials."

Turning she continued "Mr Lupin was a young child when he was bitten. Once bitten his prospects became bleak. Neither Hogwarts nor Waxwings allow Werewolves as students and most people within the Wizarding World refuse to employ Werewolves.

"Then along comes Albus Dumbledore who pats the young Mr Lupin on the head and says "That's alright, we will make special arrangements so that you can come to Hogwarts.

"Dumbledore's reasons for doing this are currently unknown, even to Mr Lupin. We have questioned the Hogwarts Staff members that were amongst the arrested and as far as we can tell, Dumbledore had not offered such an option to a young Werewolf before Mr Lupin, and has not done so since Mr Lupin's time at Hogwarts. This makes it seem unlikely that Dumbledore offered Mr Lupin a place at Hogwarts in order to appeal to Werewolves everywhere. After all, why only make such an offer to one Werewolf when there are dozens who could benefit from the offer?

"Nevertheless, the fact remains that Dumbledore did offer Mr Lupin a place at Hogwarts where, for seven years, Mr Lupin was treated like any other student, even gaining friends, something which had been largely denied to him up until that point.

"From then on, Dumbledore has played on Mr Lupin's sense of indebtedness on many occasions. This included persuading him to join The Order of the Phoenix.

"As for Mr Lupin's role within the Order itself, we have found nothing that gives us cause for concern. He was not involved with, or even aware of the mass potioning of students which took place at Hogwarts, being away meeting with a Werewolf colony at the time. That meeting, by the way, is also something that is not a cause for concern.

"From what we can tell, Mr Lupin's sole crime during his time within the Order is his failure to report the whereabouts of Sirius Black to the Ministry. However, Mr Lupin has explained that he did not feel he would be believed if he came forward to state that Mr Black was innocent and he did not want to put his friend in danger. As the Dementors had been given a 'kiss on sight' order for Mr Black, this fear does carry some validity."

Fudge cleared his throat and asked "So it is the opinion of The Department of Magical Law Enforcement that Mr Lupin has committed no crimes?"

"It is," replied Madam Bones.

"Excellent," said Fudge, smiling. "Then I see no need to even turn this matter over to a vote. Mr Lupin, you are hereby cleared of all charges. Thank you for your cooperation."

The chains that held Remus to his chair suddenly fell away, leaving the Werewolf free.

"Thank you, Minister," said Remus, before getting to his feet. One of the Aurors who had been guarding him gestured towards the crowd and quickly a space formed so that Remus could sit next to Sirius.

"Good to see you again, Remus," said Sirius.

"You too," replied Remus before lowering his voice. People were talking all around them but he wanted to be sure. "But I don't understand, if Madam Bones was happy to let me go, why was I brought before the Wizengamot?"

"Because your story helps people understand how Dumbledore works," said Harry, leaning around Sirius in order to answer. According to Sarah, a lot of people in the Order were there because they felt greatly indebted to Dumbledore in some way. Your story was one example of that."

Remus nodded thoughtfully before turning his attention towards the other members of The Order. He had never thought of it that way, but now that he was he could not believe that he had not spotted it before. Most of The Order did feel that they owed Dumbledore in some way.

It was strange. Back when they were at Hogwarts, Mary MacDonald had once mentioned how she thought Professor Slughorn and his little Slug Club was a bit distasteful. Slughorn would throw little parties and dinners together for those few whom he considered to be promising students in some area or another. He would then use his contacts to help those students out, getting them in with the right people for the right career path, that sort of thing. Graduates would then remember Slughorn fondly and sort a few things out for him, such as free tickets to Quidditch matches, or a nice bottle of Oak-matured mead and the like. They would also be open to listening to his recommendations about upcoming students.

Was Slughorn's style really all that different to Dumbledore's? Well, in a way it was. Slughorn made no secret of what it was he was doing, after all.

The rest of the trials looked like they would be interesting.



* * *



Amelia called for Mr and Mrs Weasley together. Madam Bones quickly explained that, like Lupin, they could find nothing to suggest that Arthur and Molly had done anything illegal as part of The Order other than failing to report Sirius' whereabouts. Again this was forgiven.

The interesting part came when Amelia began to explain why the senior Weasleys had joined up with The Order of the Phoenix.

"During our questioning, both Arthur and Molly Weasley attested to the fact that Albus Dumbledore had personally decided to allow all seven of their children to attend Hogwarts, despite their being unable to afford the tuition fees required to do so," explained Madam Bones to the engrossed courtroom.

"Faced with the prospect of having all seven children attend Hogwarts, as opposed to just the oldest son, as has been tradition for the Weasley family for generations, Arthur and Molly promptly snapped up the offer and have felt indebted to Dumbledore ever since."

Everyone in the courtroom was on the edge of their seats, waiting for the bombshell that they were all suddenly sure that Amelia was about to reveal.

"Unfortunately, there is more to this story than meets the eye. Sledgerock, if you please?"

The door off to the side opened up once again to reveal a very important looking Goblin, accompanied by a standard Law Enforcement Officer. As the Goblin marched purposefully into the courtroom, everyone noticed that he was carrying a number of rolled-up scrolls under his arm.

"For those of you here who may not know," said Madam Bones to the room at large "This is Sledgerock. He is Gringotts' official liaison to the Wizengamot."

Madam Bones drew her wand and conjured a small wooden desk and chair beside the seat of the Court Scribe. The Goblin placed his things down on the desk, after getting a nod of approval from Madam Bones, he unrolled one of the scrolls.

He cleared his throat importantly and then announced "The following is the last will and testament of one Ginevra Lucinda Prewett, who died 9th October, 1981, shortly after the birth of her youngest grandchild, Ginevra Molly Weasley.

"For the sake of privacy, I shall only read the part that relates to this trial.

"I leave G210000 to my seven grandchildren born from my only daughter Molly and her useless husband, Arthur Weasley. This is to be divided evenly between the seven of them and used to pay their seven years' worth of tuition to Hogwarts. Merlin knows that their father will never be able to pay it."

The courtroom was silent as Sledgerock unfurled more of the parchment, until he got to the end.

Then he dropped his second bombshell.

"This will and testament was witnessed by one Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore and was signed off by him on 5th October, 1981."

Amelia turned to the Weasley parents. "Molly, Arthur, I know that this cannot be easy, but would either of you care to elaborate?"

Arthur looked at his wife, who had tears streaming down her cheeks, before answering. "Molly's mother did not approve of her marrying me. With the Prewetts being an Ancient family while the Weasleys are a Clan, she felt that her daughter was marrying below her station. She and Molly argued about it and did not speak again following our wedding."

"And you knew nothing about this will?" prompted Amelia.

Arthur shook his head. "No. As far as we knew, Molly was not included in any will of her mother's."

"That is interesting," said Sledgerock. "Our records show that Albus Dumbledore attended the will reading of Ginevra Prewett in your stead. He had written permission by you, Mr Weasley, and your wife, stating your wish to have him act as your representative during the reading."

The truth of the matter was already revealed, but Amelia clearly wanted to make sure that it was hammered home.

"I'm curious," she said. "Did Dumbledore offer you any forms to fill in so that your children could attend Hogwarts?"

Arthur's shoulders sank. "Yes," he replied. "We arranged it a few days after Molly's mother died."

"And, presumably, a few days before the reading of the will…" ventured Madam Bones.

Arthur nodded. There was nothing more to say. The truth was as clear as crystal. Dumbledore knew about the estrangement between Molly and her mother. He had been the witness to the writing of Ginevra Prewett's last will and testament, and had therefore known that it contained a substantial sum of money for the Weasley children's tuition. Dumbledore had then gone to Molly and Arthur, pretending to offer them a way to send all of their children to Hogwarts for free. Once Molly and Arthur signed the forms, Dumbledore had either changed the writing on the forms or transferred the signatures to another document which gave him the right to act on the Weasley's behalf during the reading of Ginevra Prewett's will.

From then on it appeared to the Weasley's that Dumbledore was simply a generous man who had helped their family out while in fact the children's tuition was already paid for.

"Why?" asked Molly, speaking for the first time. "Why would he do that?"

"The answer to that, Molly, is rather simple," replied Madam Bones. "While there can be no doubt that having the loyalty of Clan Weasley was certainly a bonus for Dumbledore, his main goal was to get the Ancient House of Prewett on his side. We know that both of your brothers, Gideon and Fabian, were once members of The Order of the Phoenix, well before you and your husband were.

"We know that Dumbledore had the trust of your mother at the very least – his selection to bear witness to her last will and testament proves that much. Moreover, Wizengamot records show that the Ancient House of Prewett, over a course of thirty five years, frequently sided with Dumbledore in various matters. In short, the Ancient House of Prewett was usually one that Dumbledore could count upon to do things his way.

"However, Alfrid Prewett passed away, Gideon and Fabian were killed fighting Death Eaters without having children of their own, and Ginevra was on her death bed. Dumbledore could not count on the Prewett vote for much longer, which is why he approached you and your husband, Molly."

Molly looked confused, as though she had not followed Amelia's logic in the slightest.

Arthur, on the other hand, had understood every word. "With Gideon and Fabian gone, the title of Head of House Prewett could be claimed by any of my sons."

"That is correct, for the most part," replied Madam Bones. "The only obvious exception is William, as he would be expected to claim headship of Clan Weasley when the time came."

At this point, Fudge interjected. "Well, Madam Bones, you have certainly given the Wizengamot plenty of insight into how Dumbledore has been operating. But if that is all, these people have, by your own words, done nothing to break the law."

Amelia gave a nod of her head and the Minister promptly declared Arthur and Molly free to go.

As the two Weasley parents joined Fred, George, Ron and Ginny, Harry could not help but feel sorry for them. On the one hand he could have argued that, as Mr and Mrs Weasley were not guilty of committing any crimes as a part of The Order of the Phoenix, all that had been revealed in the courtroom should really have been revealed in a private setting.

On the other hand, this evidence was essential to building an airtight case against Dumbledore. Harry did not particularly want the fact that he had spent ten years of his life living in a cupboard thanks to the abusive Dursley family, it was Dumbledore who had put him there and if revealing that truth would mean that Dumbledore would get the punishment that he deserved, the Harry thought that revealing the truth of the matter would be a small price to pay.



* * *



Next to be called forward was Arthur and Molly's oldest son, Bill Weasley.

His reasons for joining The Order were pretty much the same as his parents; he believed that Dumbledore had allowed him to attend Hogwarts for free. However, there was something more.

Again, it fell to the Goblin, Sledgerock, to explain.

"I have here the application form submitted by Mr William Weasley when he applied to Gringotts Bank for an apprenticeship as a curse breaker. Included are a list of his Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Level examination results, and a personal letter of recommendation from one Albus Dumbledore. The examination results indicate that Mr Weasley received an Outstanding with merit grade for both his Study of Ancient Runes examination and his Arithmancy examination. The results are signed by Dumbledore and by Griselda Marchbanks, the Head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority."

"Interesting," said Madam Bones. "I wonder if Madam Marchbanks would validate these results."

"No, I would not." replied a voice from amongst the Wizengamot members.

Madam Marchbanks got to her feet as all eyes turned to her. She brandished a piece of parchment as she announced "These are the N.E.W.T level examination results of Mr William Weasley, taken from the archives of the Wizarding Examinations Authority just this morning."

Holding the parchment up, she read aloud;

"Study of Ancient Runes: Exceeds Expectations.

Arithmancy: Acceptable."

She lowered the piece of parchment and said to the room as a whole "Clearly the results submitted to Gringotts were tampered with. These marks are well below the Gringotts requirements for entry into an apprenticeship in the field of curse breaking."

"Were you aware of this?" Madam Bones asked Bill.

He nodded before replying "I didn't do as well in by N.E.W.T's as I should have. I wrote to Dumbledore, asking if I could retake the exams that I was required to score Outstanding in so as to become a curse breaker."

Madam Marchbanks interjected. "While such an option is available in the event of a student not doing as well as their Professors think they could have, the Wizarding Examinations Authority has no record of any such request coming from you."

"You wouldn't," replied Bill. "The request was never submitted. Dumbledore insisted that he had contacts inside Gringotts. He said he could get me an apprenticeship without having to retake my exams. At the time I thought he only meant that he would write a letter of recommendation. It was only after I joined the Order that he revealed that he had forged a document of my exam results."

"Why did he feel it necessary to reveal this to you?" asked Madam Bones.

"Dumbledore decided that he wanted to place a communication block on Harry Potter. He encouraged Harry's friends to not write to him and then decided that when members of The Order were on guard duty outside Harry's muggle residence, they were to intercept any and all Owl Post messages that came to the house. We were then to bring them back to the Order's Headquarters so that Dumbledore could read them and either approve them or not.

"I told him that I was not comfortable doing so but he insisted that it was for Harry's own good. But when he decided to lock up Harry's owl, Hedwig, I threatened to quit The Order. That's when Dumbledore told me the truth about how I got my curse breaker apprenticeship and threatened to reveal it to my superiors at the bank."

"I presume that he also used this threat to get you to take part in the mass potioning of students at Hogwarts?" asked Madam Bones.

Bill nodded, an action which prompted much discussion in the audience.

Fudge called for order and said "Mr Weasley, this case is not as clear cut as that of your parents. This time we will have to open the matter up to a Wizengamot vote."

He turned in his seat and asked "Those in favour of conviction of William Weasley for his role in the mass potioning of students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?"

Some hands were raised, others remained down.

"And those in favour of clearing the accused of the charges levied against him?"

It was close, but those in favour of conviction won the day.

"Very well," said Fudge. "William Weasley, you will remain in your chair while we hear the cases against the rest of The Order of the Phoenix. Once Madam Bones has presented all of her evidence, the Wizengamot will retire to deliberate all suitably punishments."

Bill nodded in acceptance as his seat was guided back into line with the others.



* * *



Harry had no idea just who Elphias Doge was, but Madam Bones revealing that the man was previously employed for fifty years as a Special Advisor to the Wizengamot meant that Harry paid close attention.

It quickly turned out that Madam Bones had more on Doge than she had on Bill.

A lot more.

Doge's reasons for joining The Order were simple.

Firstly, Dumbledore had gotten Doge the job of Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and, as such, felt that he owed Dumbledore for it.

Second, Doge and Dumbledore had gone to school together, where they had forged a strong friendship.

Third, Doge was a closet homosexual and didn't want anyone to know about it, out of fear that it would bring shame upon his family.

No prizes for guessing who did know.

As a part of The Order, Doge had, amongst other things, taken part in the potioning of the students and abused his position as Special Advisor to the Wizengamot in order to spy on the body for Dumbledore after the latter was dismissed from his position as Chief Warlock.

Madam Bones also had evidence that Doge had, at Dumbledore's urging, been influential in some of the more distasteful decisions taken by the Wizengamot at the end of the first war with Voldemort. She did not come right out and say it, but Harry got the distinct impression that Amelia was referencing the sentencing of Sirius to Azkaban without trial, the release of Snape without a trial and the decision to block the Abbott's claim of guardianship over Harry.

Fudge decided that the Wizengamot would refrain from casting a verdict for now. Meanwhile, Doge would remain in Ministry custody until a full investigation into Doge's actions during his time as Special Advisor to the Wizengamot was completed.



* * *



After Doge there were several more people whom Harry did not recognise, including a man named Sturgis Podmore whom Harry thought looked rather like a scarecrow. Podmore had once seriously breached the International Statute of Secrecy when he got involved in a fight in a Muggle bar and end up hexing five people to have bats wings where their ears should be.

Dumbledore used his position as Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards to cover things up.

After Podmore's story was subjected to a vote, attentions were turned to the case of venerated retired Auror, Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody, and it was a shocker.

It was well known that Moody was paranoid, so his enchanting the dustbins in his garden to act as guard dogs was not that much of a surprise.

However, the revelation that these bins had once killed one muggle eleven year old boy and seriously maimed his friend when they snuck into Moody's garden in order to retrieve an errant football immediately caused a stir amongst those witnessing the trial.

The subsequent revelation that Dumbledore had covered the incident up in order to protect Moody's reputation nearly caused a riot. Things only calmed down when Madam Bones asked her Aurors to draw their wands. No spells were fired though, as the threat alone was enough.

Things did not remain quiet for long though. When Madam Bones revealed that Moody had not only been involved in the incident had Hogwarts, but had also assisted Dumbledore in capturing Harry and modifying his memories, the crowd was about ready to see Moody put to death on the spot.

In the end Head Auror Scrimgeour called on four more Aurors to stand guard around Moody. Only once the number of guards around the former Auror matched the number of those surrounding Snape did the crowd quiet down, allowing the proceedings to continue.



* * *



After Moody was a tall, black Auror named Kingsley Shacklebolt, and once he had heard the case against the man, Harry could not help but feel a little bit sorry for him.

Shacklebolt had been the Senior Auror in charge of recapturing Sirius. Shacklebolt had joined The Order on the recommendation of Mad-Eye Moody and had learned the truth about Sirius. However, instead of using his time and resources to create a case for Sirius' freedom, Shacklebolt had instead directed the search overseas, following up on his personally created false leads that Sirius was in Tibet.

His intentions were honourable in a way, but at the same time wildly misguided. While he had not sold Sirius out, he had also cost the Ministry a lot of money, man hours and other resources, not only in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, but in the Department of International Magical Cooperation as well.

To make things worse, Shacklebolt's information has also lead to the International Confederation of Wizards getting involved, along with the Tibetan Ministry for Magic.

On the other hand, once he had started to feed the Ministry false information, he was in a no win situation, just like Bill. If Shacklebolt decided to go against Dumbledore, Dumbledore would have ruined him.

In the end, the Wizengamot was only going to vote one way, and that was before Madam Bones even got to the fact that Shacklebolt had also played a role in the potioning of students.



* * *



Five more people went by before Madam Bones got to a name that Harry recognised.

Nymphadora Tonks.

Like Kingsley, she had joined The Order of the Phoenix after being persuaded to do so by Mad-Eye Moody. Like Kingsley, she had failed to bring information on Sirius to the Ministry. When she had been caught spying on the trial of Harry Potter for Dumbledore and subsequently been dismissed, Dumbledore had employed her at Hogwarts, leaving her in much the same situation as Bill – employment in a great job, arranged by a man who could very easily take it away again if she did not do his bidding.

Like Bill, the vote was a very close thing, but the decision to convict won out.

After Tonks was a woman named Hestia Jones.

Madam Bones wasted no time in revealing that Hestia and her sister, Holyhead Harpies' starting seeker Gwenog Jones had been doing some illegal money raising. Harry had never gambled money in his life but the concept, as far as he could tell, was that Hestia would sort out the bets, and if the returns offered were high enough, Gwenog would deliberately lose a Quidditch match.

Then Dumbledore found out. From there, the rest was easily guessed.

After two more faces Harry didn't know, Dedalus Diggle was put on trial. Harry remembered meeting the man in The Leaky Cauldron when Hagrid had taken him for his first trip to Diagon Alley, back before he had started his first year at Hogwarts.

The purple hat was gone now though, along with the cheery smile.

Diggle, as it turned out, had a habit of setting off magical fireworks in order to celebrate… well, almost anything he felt like, it seemed. Magical fireworks have a tendency to be very different to Muggle fireworks, so much so that using one in a Muggle area is usually considered to be a breach of the International Statute of Secrecy.

Needless to say, Dumbledore repeatedly covered up these breaches and therefore secured Diggle's loyalty.

Then there was Mundungus Fletcher, whom Harry recognised as being the Wizard who had turned up at Privet Drive in the aftermath of the Dementor attack that almost resulted in his being expelled from Hogwarts.

Fletcher, as it turned out, was the very definition of a Wizarding lowlife – a sneak-thief who would probably sell his own grandmother for the right price. In addition to multiple counts of theft, Dumbledore had gone out of his way to cover up six separate instances of Muggle baiting on Fletcher's part.

Of these, the most serious was selling toilet seats that were charmed to come alive when sat on and bite down hard on the buttocks of the unfortunate person who had done the sitting. Then there was one instance of Fletcher selling gold watches that were designed to disappear into thin air and return to the seller within twelve hours, three instances of using leprechaun gold to barter with Muggle market-stall owners and one instance of selling a Muggle an enchanted tea pot that would shoot boiling tea out of its spout and into the face of whomever was nearest.

Though, Fletcher claimed, he did not actually know that the tea pot was enchanted until after he had sold it.

Fletcher's principle role in The Order was to keep an ear out in the criminal world and report anything of interest back to Dumbledore. He was also frequently tasked with procuring a few of the more unsavoury artefacts that The Order occasionally required.

After Fletcher there were several more people whom Harry did not know until, at last, the trials moved on to the staff of Hogwarts.

Filius Flitwick had been caught by a reporter in a rather compromising position with two Hags and a Swamp Troll after night's heavy drinking in celebration of his winning his final duel before retiring from the professional duelling circuit. Such a scandal would have ruined Flitwick's reputation and Dumbledore found a way to silence the reporter before the story could be printed.

Needless to say, the respect that many graduates of Ravenclaw House had for their former Head of House took a massive downturn when that story was revealed.

Pomona Sprout, on the other hand, regularly broke international regulations on the crossbreeding of magical plants, Madam Pomfrey had failed her final healers examinations, meaning that she had been practicing magical medicine without a licence, Rolanda Hooch had, shortly after first starting work at Hogwarts as flying instructor, been caught in an inappropriate position with a seventh year who played seeker for Slytherin and Charity Burbage had failed her N.E.W.T examination in Muggle Studies and was therefore not even in the least bit qualified to teach the subject.

But the most shocking was yet to come.

"My fellow Wizards and Witches," said Madam Bones once the furore caused by the reveal of Charity Burbage's lack of qualifications had died down. "If you would, please cast your minds back to the 12th November 1967. For those of you who were not there, then try to recall hearing about it in your History of Magic class.

"At the time there was a large scale movement going on, trying to increase the rights of Squibs in the Wizarding World. There had been multiple demonstrations, usually in the form of protest marches that had been staged regularly since the spring of 1964. The purpose of these demonstrations were simple – better rights for Squibs.

"In many areas, these demonstrations proved effective. Employment rates for Squibs increased by sixty seven percent, St Mungo's invested in better treatment methods suited to those born without magic and by law, all Squibs were issued with a special, enchanted key that would allow them to access Diagon Alley through the brick wall behind the Leaky Cauldron, something which, up to that point, was only possible through the use of a wand.

"However, as the winter of 1967 approached, there was still one major issue for the Squibs Rights campaigners – equal pay. Many companies that employed Squibs did so at a vastly lower rate than they would have paid someone who could perform magic.

"After nearly a year of demonstrations on the subject, the then Minister for Magic, Nobby Leach, the first Muggleborn to hold the post, decided to call a Wizengamot session so that the matter could be put to rest.

"The organisers of Squibs United, the principle campaign group, were invited to put forward their arguments, as were opponents of the issue. The matter was then voted on by the Wizengamot. Rightly or wrongly, the Wizengamot narrowly voted against installing a mandatory minimum wage rate for Squibs.

"The organisers of Squibs United accepted their loss but promised to keep on campaigning. However, waiting in the wings were several members of The Brotherhood for Squib Freedom, a much more extreme group who not above causing damage in order to get their point across.

"Without thought for the safety of anyone else, this small group of members from the BSF set off an explosive device of Muggle origin outside the doors of the Wizengamot chambers. Six members of the Wizengamot were killed, along with three members of Squibs United, four of their opponents, two reporters and the court scribe.

"It was the single largest terrorist attack to take place within the Ministry for Magic building, and remains so to this day. Other members of the BSF were so horrified by the atrocity that they personally handed over four of the perpetrators before permanently disbanding their organisation. Two other perpetrators were named; Chris Fugal and Bella Fairgag.

"Neither of these two were ever found, and have remained on the Department of Magical Law Enforcement's Wanted List ever since."

Here she gave a wave of her wand and two wanted posters, ten feet high and six feet wide appeared in the air, giving everyone in the courtroom a good look at the two individuals. From the looks of things, the photographs had been taken from cuttings of photographs that had appeared in newspapers. From the movements of those in the photographs, it was clear that both of them were in a crowd, even if most of that crowd had been cropped out of the image.

With the wanted posters hanging in the air, Madam Bones continued "I think we can all recall learning the anagram spell back in charms class during our second year of magical education. Oftentimes, most of us were left greatly disappointed that using the spell on our own names did not make any cool nicknames. However sometimes something funny could come up. Mine, for example, produced the words Amiable Nose."

There was some laughter in the crowd at this and Hannah took the opportunity to nudge Harry and ask "What did your name come out as when we were taught that spell?"

Harry could not help but smile as he replied "Hamster Jar Poetry and Pyjamas the Terror."

"However," continued Madam Bones "Sometimes the anagram spell could give you an entirely different name altogether, a name with which one could establish an entirely different identity."

She drew her wand again and wrote in smoke the names Chris Fugal and Bella Fairgag.

Then she gave one swish of her wand and the letters of each name moved around until Chris Fugal had become Argus Filch and Bella Fairgag had become Arabella Figg.

As the audience gasped in shock, two Aurors drew their wands and cast "Finite Incantatum" at Figg and Filch.

Glamour charms rippled and faded away, leaving two entirely different faces that, though much older, clearly belonged to the people on the wanted posters.

"Well, that explains why Filch as always in such a bad mood all the time," observed Susan as Fudge called for order in the courtroom.

The revelation that Dumbledore had been hiding two of the country's most wanted criminals right under everyone's nose had caused the biggest stir so far.

The Wizengamot vote on Figg and Filch was unanimously in favour of a guilty verdict and as the Aurors dragged them back into line along with the others guilty parties, Madam Bones called for the last prisoner to be brought forward.

"Aurors, please bring Severus Snape before the Wizengamot."

The six Aurors standing guard around Snape moved closer together as the man's chair was levitated off the ground and moved towards the centre of the chamber.

Then there was a trill of magical birdsong and a flash of fire which nearly blinded everyone. Once the flames had disappeared, the six Aurors guarding Snape were flat on the ground, out cold while the man himself was gone.

Pandemonium immediately erupted as people began to panic. A moment later a flash of fire blasted the Aurors guarding Alastor Moody in all directions. The fire faded and Moody was gone.

"It's Fawkes," said Harry. "Dumbledore's doing this!"

When another flash of fire occurred, this time above Doge, Auror Savage threw a stunning spell at it. Unfortunately his reaction time was not fast enough and his spell instead smacked harmlessly into the stone wall at the opposite end of the courtroom.

Another burst of flame and Shacklebolt was gone. Another took Flitwick and another took Pomfrey, followed by Sprout.

Every time the flash of fire appeared, the Aurors who were still standing threw stunning spells, impediment jinxes and knockback hexes towards the target, but their spells always came too late. Fawkes was too fast. Some spells hit the walls harmlessly while others sailed into the panicking crowd, hitting people.

Podmore vanished. Diggle vanished. Fletcher vanished. Vance vanished.

Sarah grabbed Harry by the arm.

"Come on," she said, getting the attention of Remus, Sirius, Susan and Hannah. "We need to get Harry out of here. That bird might grab him as well."

Sirius agreed but added "You take him. If Remus and I remain here, Fawkes may spend more time grabbing people from this room."

Remus nodded and he and Sirius moved off, intending to offer themselves as bait for Fawkes while Sarah got Harry away.

Five more Order members had vanished by now, but there was about to be an upset.

A burst of flame appeared above Bill, but the oldest Weasley son threw himself onto the ground, having made his decision to have nothing more to do with The Order of the Phoenix. The move caused Fawkes to miss him and completely threw the bird off balance. For the first time he appeared physically, shimmering with red and gold as he spread his impressive wings to right himself.

That was all that Madam Bones needed. As Fawkes turned in the air, aiming for Tonks this time, her stunning spell found its mark. She didn't dare fire anything more lethal with all these people around who could potentially get hit by a stray spell.

Fawkes squawked and tumbled through the air, vanishing in a burst of flame. The sound got everyone's attention, and the panicked push towards the exit came to an abrupt halt. Except for Sarah, Hannah and Susan, who were still determinedly trying to get Harry out of the courtroom and away from the threat of being snatched, though it was quickly becoming apparent that a motionless crowd was much more difficult to get through than a panicking one.

Everyone remained silent, barely daring to breathe, all wondering whether or not the Phoenix was going to come back.

For almost a minute nothing happened. Then there was a flash of flames near the door and Sarah, Hannah, Susan and about a dozen others found themselves being thrown back into other members of the crowd.

As the darkness of unconsciousness claimed them, they had two thoughts.

The first though was that Fawkes' flames, while bright, did not burn. They were merely warm, perhaps to the same extent as a warming charm.

The second thought was the realisation that Harry Potter was gone.



* * *



A/N: Oh dear. A cliff-hanger. Ain't I a stinker? I swear, this is the last time for a while that a cliff-hanger will occur. Trust me, when you read the next chapter, you will understand why I chose to end things here.

Anyhow, this story is now over three years old. I would like to thank everyone for reading, especially those who have stuck with this story from the start. I know my updates have not been all that regular recently, but I am hoping to sort that issue out. 2015 vanished way too quickly as far as I'm concerned. To any kids reading this, when your parents and grandparents tell you that time goes by faster the older you get, you better believe them because they are not lying.

I know that some of you will be disappointed that every trial was not as detailed as those of The Weasleys, but seriously, would you really want Amelia delivering one monologue after another for each Order member, resulting in another 50,000 words before the story can move on?

To all those who mentioned it in their reviews of the previous chapter, no I did not know that J.K. Rowling has announced that Hogwarts was funded by the Ministry rather than being tuition-based. However, this story is too far along now to change this aspect. Also, I would like to point out that this little bit of information only adds further justification to Fudge creating the role of High Inquisitor, as any organisation directly funded by the Ministry, be it Hogwarts, St Mungo's or whatever should be reviewed by the Ministry to make sure that taxpayers money is being well spent. While Umbridge was clearly the wrong person for the job, and Fudge's motives were far from appropriate, the review of Hogwarts' staff, facilities and the like was necessary and frankly up until that point the Ministry had been largely negligent on that front.





*Chapter 35*: Dumbledore's Gambit


			Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 33: Dumbledore's Gambit

With the talons of a phoenix gripping tightly to the back of his robe and flames generated by said phoenix swirling around him as the bird transported him to his next destination, Harry came to the conclusion that there was, in fact, no method of magical transportation that he liked (with the exception of broomstick flight, of course.)

If Fawkes was trying to disorient him, the bird was doing an exceptionally good job. The spinning was worse than any trip by floo or port key Harry had ever taken and he had the distinct feeling that whenever they got to their destination, the first thing he would do would involve the projecting vomiting of every meal he had eaten in the last two days.

He hoped he got most of it on Fawkes.

Fortunately for the bird, when they reached their destination, Harry did not throw up. Unfortunately for both parties, however, their arrival was less than graceful and the moment Harry's feet met solid ground his left foot twisted painfully and he went crashing to the ground, resulting in a crack appearing in the right frame of his glasses. Meanwhile Fawkes was sent scrambling across the room by Harry's right arm, which he had struck the bird with quite hard as he threw out both arms to try and steady himself before hitting the ground.

Fawkes squawked indignantly flapped his wings frantically and gracelessly in an attempt to right himself while Harry rested his forehead against the floor, eyes tightly shut in an attempt to get the world to stop spinning.

Finally the bird managed to flap up to its perch and take a seat, looking as regal as ever within moments.

Harry's eyes snapped open when a familiar voice spoke nearby.

"Thank you, my friend. I will not ask you to go back to the Ministry to retrieve those of our number who still remain there, but if you would be so kind as to go to St Mungo's Hospital and retrieve Minerva…?"

Fawkes trilled and vanished in a flash of flame.

From his position on the floor, Harry realised that he could feel the position of his wand near his hip. The fingers of his right hand were near the handle… If he was quick…

In one fluid movement he rolled onto his back, and aimed his wand "Petrificus tot-"

"Expelliarmus!"

With one spell, Albus Dumbledore send Harry Potter's wand sailing through the air and out of reach. A second spell resulted in Harry being forced to sit in a wooden chair and a third conjured a rope that tied Harry to said chair.

"I had hoped that you would not feel so hostile, Harry," said Dumbledore, with way too much familiarity for Harry's liking. "Alas, it is as I feared. Your involvement with the Ministry of Magic has had a most regretful effect on you. We will have to work hard to correct that lest you turn to the same path as Lord Voldemort."

Despite his situation, Harry was determined to not back down. "If anyone here is like Voldemort, it's you," he spat. "Look at you; you've got your own inner circle of sycophants who do your bidding without thought. You do what you want with no regard for the law or the rights of others. You rely on your name to intimidate others into doing your bidding and when that doesn't work you lie, cheat, coerce… you even kidnap people to get your own way."

Dumbledore sighed and adopted the expression and posture of a put-upon grandfather who was trying to be patient with a particularly argumentative nine year old. It was one of his favourites.

"You have fallen further than I feared. We will have to act fast."

He was interrupted by a burst of fire which signalled the return of Fawkes and Minerva McGonagall.

"Ah, Minerva," said Dumbledore, turning to their newest arrival. "I'm glad you could join us my dear. I trust that your stay in St Mungo's wasn't too traumatic?"

"It was dreadful, Albus," she replied, and Harry noticed that she both looked and sounded a lot older than she had before her arrest. "They didn't do anything to me but run a few tests, but the things people have been saying, Albus… The things that they have been saying about you…"

"Yes, yes…" replied Dumbledore in his gravest voice. "I am afraid that the Ministry has succeeded in its endeavour to disgrace my name."

"They didn't have to do much in the end," growled Harry. "Your actions did most of it for them."

"Be silent, you ungrateful whelp," spat Snape. "After all we have done for you-"

"What you've done for me?" retorted Harry, incredulously. "You lot have never done anything for me. I'm nothing to you other than another one of Dumbledore's puppets. To you I am nothing but a pawn on a chessboard to be sacrificed at the right time!"

Snape's face contorted into a sneer "Why you insolent little-"

"Calm down Severus," piped up Flitwick, his squeaky voice drawing all eyes too him. The diminutive charms master rounded on the former Headmaster.

"Albus, you need to stop this now. Your actions are doing nothing more than painting an even larger target on all of our backs. Let the boy go."

"I am afraid that I cannot do that, Filius. Young Harry has a destiny that he must fulfil. It is imperative that he remain with us so that we can prepare him for what he must do." Dumbledore turned back to Snape.

"Severus, I have managed to procure my father's old wand. If you would, I should like you to assist me in assessing if the Ministry has carried out any further alterations to Mr Potter's mind."

"The Ministry didn't alter my mind," growled Harry. "It was you, remember? Or are you that senile that you have forgotten?"

Dumbledore ignored him and handed Snape a wand.

Snape, however, was not in the mood simply to invade Harry's mind. He had spent a long time in Ministry custody, being interrogated until all of his deepest, darkest secrets came spilling out. If he were caught by the Ministry again he was all but guaranteed a death sentence. As was usual, Snape was willing to blame everyone but himself for this turn of events and as far as he was concerned, the Potter brat was the centre of all his problems.

Snape snatched the wand from Dumbledore and, without missing a beat, cast "Crucio!"

Harry screamed in agony as the spell connected, causing him to writhe in his seat, feeling as though every nerve ending in his body was on fire.

But there was division in the Order now. With so many of Dumbledore's secrets now out in the open, many members of the Order no longer felt like they owed Dumbledore anything. Their secrets were out now, meaning that Dumbledore had nothing to hold over many of them. Before now many of them had thought that they were perhaps the only one being coerced by Dumbledore, but now they knew that they were not alone. That knowledge diminished their fear.

Thus Harry's pain was quickly ended when Kingsley tackled Snape to the ground. Harry's vision came back into focus just in time to see Kingsley's powerful fist break Snape's large, hooked nose. A second later there was a flash of light and Kingsley was thrown off of Snape and into a wall, where he slumped into an unconscious heap as Dumbledore lowered his wand.

Still trembling with the after effects of the torture curse, Harry managed to grind out through clenched teeth "Would've been nice if you'd been that fast to stop the greasy bastard…"

"Now Harry," began Dumbledore, switching over to lecture mode. "Severus has had a tough time of it as of late and I am sure that he did not mean-"

"Like hell he didn't…" retorted Harry, angrily.

Dumbledore took a calming breath before carrying on. "Nevertheless, it is imperative, Harry, that you learn to find it within yourself to forgive others for their-"

The glob of phlegm that Harry spat from his mouth splattered against Dumbledore's left cheek and would also have gone in his left eye were it not for his glasses.

With a deep, saddened sigh Dumbledore took off his glasses and cleaned them with a flick of his wand, commenting as he did so "I had hoped that you were above such displays of childishness, Harry. It saddens me to see that I was wrong."

"Yeah?" asked Harry "Well, I'm getting a little fed up with hearing about what you expect from me. And if you think that I will ever forgive that disgusting piece of troll shit for what he did to me and my parents then you are far more senile than I thought."

"What do you mean?" asked Flitwick. "What does Snape have to do with your parents?"

The wide grin that appeared on Harry's face was more than a little reminiscent of the one Peeves wore back when he had revealed to Dumbledore just who had slashed the Fat Lady's portrait back in Harry's third year at Hogwarts.

"Oh dear. Did the Headmaster not see fit to tell you all that Snape here…"

"Harry, stop this at once!" interrupted Dumbledore. "I forbid you to reveal that information!"

But Harry continued unabated "Snape here is the reason why Voldemort went after my parents! He's as responsible for their deaths as Peter Pettigrew."

Turning from the shocked expressions of many of the Order, Harry focused his eyes on Dumbledore. "Madam Bones decided that it was in my best interest to learn all that her Department could get on Snape directly from her rather than hear about it in the trial. Of course, his role in the deaths of my parents isn't all she told me about."

"Harry, I implore you to say no more. You do not fully understand the situation," said Dumbledore, letting his magical aura flare in an attempt to intimidate Harry, but the boy kept on going.

"Oh, I understand plenty, you old coot," snarled Harry. "I understand much better than you think."

He turned back to the Order. "Does the name Mary MacDonald ring any bells here? How about Marlene McKinnon? Dorcas Meadowes and Benjy Fenwick? Edgar Bones, perhaps? Or maybe-"

At this point Dumbledore could take no more. He went for his wand and cast a silencing charm on Harry. The teenager's mouth was still moving as he rattled off several more names of people whose deaths Snape had in one way or another been involved with but no one heard him.

But for many they had heard enough.

"Did you know this, Albus?" asked Sturgis Podmore, rounding on the aged wizard furiously. "Did you know that Snape was involved in those deaths?"

Dumbledore's tone was a placating one as he said "Severus has undeniably made some unfortunate choices in his life, however he has since seen the error of his ways and joined our side. He has endeavoured to make up for his past mistakes by working for the Light."

"He's right," interjected Moody. "I may not like the bastard, but some of the information that he has provided us over the years has been invaluable."

"But most of those people Potter just listed were members of the Order," protested Emmeline Vance. "That we've been expected to work alongside him is disgusting."

"To say nothing of forcing Mr Potter to take lessons from him," added Pomona Sprout. "Really, Dumbledore, we've all done things that we are not proud of but what in Merlin's name were you thinking allowing this man to become a teacher?"

"Now really!" interjected McGonagall. "I've never heard such rubbish. Professor Dumbledore trusts Severus. That should be good enough for all of you."

Harry raised his eyebrows at that. That sort of attitude was typical of Minerva McGonagall – Dumbledore says so, so that should be good reasoning for everyone.

It was interesting to watch as the scene played out before him. Moody, Doge, Diggle, McGonagall and Snape (who was arguing from his position on the floor) were clearly on Dumbledore's side of the matter while Flitwick, Podmore, Vance and Sprout were furious. While they had each done some pretty damning things in the past, Dumbledore had finally asked for too much of some of his pawns, as he had done of Harry back in the summer.

Then there was the fact that what they had done under Dumbledore's command was going to get them in more trouble that the crimes and scandals which were being used as leverage against them, it was fair to say that Dumbledore had lost their allegiance entirely.

As for the rest of The Order, they were doing their best to keep as quiet as possible. For some this was simply because they had no opinion to offer. Some others were too afraid to say anything after seeing Kingsley blasted into the wall by Dumbledore for going against him.

Harry also noted for the first time that not everyone from The Order were present. Arthur, Molly and Bill Weasley, Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, Nymphadora Tonks, Hestia Jones, Rolanda Hooch, Arabella Figg and Argus Filch (or whatever their names were) and perhaps a dozen others had not been grabbed by Fawkes. Rubeus Hagrid was absent too. Clearly even Dumbledore did not know where the half-giant was.

Finally Dumbledore put an end to the argument for now. Raising his voice loudly to be heard over the shouting he said "Enough. Now is not the time to be turning on each other. Alastor, would you kindly assist me in examining Harry's mind?"

Although it was phrased as a question, it was clearly a command. As Moody stomped forward to take the spare wand from Snape, Dumbledore erected a shield to keep the rest of the Order back. Flitwick and several others protested loudly but without wands there was nothing that they could do.

Dumbledore gave a flick of his wand in Snape's direction, repairing the man's broken nose and then turned to join Moody in raising their wands and taking aim towards Harry. Still under the effects of the silencing charm and bound tightly to the chair he was sat on, Harry settled for glaring hatefully back at them, mentally bracing himself for what was to come.

"Legillimens!" barked two voices in unison.

Harry's body went rigid as his mind was invaded by the double attack. Memories swirled through his mind so quickly that it was enough to induce nausea and a headache, but it did not last long.

Unlike Snape, who had apparently been a match for the wand, Moody quickly found that the wand of Dumbledore's father was not well suited to him at all and within moments the spell that he cast broke off. He tried again with even worse results – the legillimency probe didn't even begin that time.

Dumbledore meanwhile continued to rifle through Harry's mind, trying to locate the places where adjustments would have to be made. Quickly he realised that it wasn't just Harry's memories of the past few weeks that he would need to alter – there were the memories of memories as well. This meant that the task of obliviating Harry would take much longer than he had initially thought. He began to dig deeper to assess just how much he would have to erase.

Harry, meanwhile, was starting to get extremely worked up. The last time Dumbledore had pulled this stunt, Harry had been unconscious for the whole thing. This time he was not only awake, he was fighting back.

The events of the past few weeks had left him angry, confused and scared, and that was before you factored in everything else he had been through in his life. None of this was a good combination. Being kidnapped, tortured and having his mind invaded only made things worse and things were rapidly approaching boiling point.

Harry had not been this close to unleashing a burst of anger-fuelled accidental magic since the summer holidays before his third year at Hogwarts, when his Aunt Marge's continual berating of him and badmouthing of his deceased parents resulted in her being inflated like a blimp and left bobbing helplessly against the dining room ceiling of Number Four, Privet Drive.

Fawkes the Phoenix sensed the waves of anger radiating off of Harry and flew in to sit on the back of the boy's chair, where he began to trill a soft, calming tune.

It didn't help. Harry could hear the phoenix's song well enough, but in Harry's mind phoenix song was something that was associated with Dumbledore and right now there were few things in this world that Harry hated more than Albus effing Dumbledore!

Things were quickly reaching boiling point. Albus Dumbledore was too engrossed in rifling through Harry's mind to notice when the glass in the windows began to rattle ominously, but the rest of the Order, except the unconscious Kingsley, did.

And so did the Ministry.



* * *



The Ministry of Magic was in pandemonium following the snatching of Harry Potter right from the heart of the Ministry building.

Aurors and Law Enforcement Officers were doing their best to control the panicked crowds of people while Amelia had her best people running around trying to find anything that would lead them to finding out just where Harry Potter and two thirds of the Order of the Phoenix had been taken too.

Workers from the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures were going through book after book and file after file to try and gather absolutely everything they could on Phoenixes while people from the Department of Mysteries had broken out the scrying spells to try and get a reading on any of those snatched from the courtroom.

People from the Department of International Magical Cooperation were putting out alerts to as many other Ministries as possible across the globe as well as alerting the offices of the International Confederation of Wizards.

The first breakthrough, however, came from Mafalda Hopkirk and her colleagues in the Improper Use of Magic Office.

"What have you found?" demanded Amelia as she, Fudge and Scrimgeour entered the office after receiving a hurried message.

"It might be nothing," replied Hopkirk "However our underage magic sensors keep going off. The trigger is minor and it blinks out before we can get an accurate reading. But-"

At that moment every alarm attached to the Improper Use of Magic Office went off.

Hopkirk rounded of her deputy, Elizabeth Summerby "Who it is?"

"Hold on…" replied Summerby as she waves her wand over a large sheet of parchment, upon which runes were starting to appear. Several of these runes lit up and a name appeared in the middle of the sheet of parchment.

Harry Potter.

"Location?" asked Fudge.

Hopkirk was waving her wand about over the giant map of the UK and Ireland which hung on the wall. "Central England… West Midlands… Warwickshire… Mould-on-the Would? I thought that village was abandoned. No one has lived there in decades."

"Rufus get a team together, now," barked Amelia. "We'll need the finest Aurors and Hit Wizards you can locate. Mafalda, get those coordinates over to the Department of Magical Transportation. We need a dozen port keys to Mould-on-the-Wold as quickly as possible."

As Scrimgeour and Hopkirk hurried out of the room in order to carry out those commands, the Minister for Magic turned to the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement and handed her a rolled up sheaf of parchment, held closed by a red ribbon and a red was seal which bore the official logo of the Wizengamot.

"The Wizengamot has agreed to this," he stated.

Amelia opened it and discovered that it was an authorisation form.

"Killing curse?" she read.

"Ideally we would want Dumbledore brought in alive and dosed with enough veritaserum to make him spill even his darkest secrets," explained Fudge. "However, if all of this has proven anything it is that Albus Dumbledore is a dangerous man who will do whatever he feels is necessary to see that things go according to his plans. I don't want there to be any messing around, especially with the life of Harry Potter at risk. If you can't bring Dumbledore down with standard Auror tactics then you are authorised to put an end to him for good. Just understand that this applies only to you, Scrimgeour and a few of the other more senior Aurors and Hit Wizards."

"Understood," replied Amelia. She wanted Dumbledore questioned as much as anyone, but she had no qualms about putting a permanent end to the man if the situation called for it. Good Aurors were hard to come by, after all.



* * *



The Weasley family was gathered together in Arthur's former office. No one was currently permitted to leave the Ministry and the family had felt the need for some alone time so they had settled for the relative privacy offered by the small office room in a far corner of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement.

Hermione was there too. She didn't really want to be there but had just ended up getting shuffled along with the crowd. The day had been a very trying one. After all, it's not every day that many of those whom you trust implicitly are revealed to be so horribly corrupt.

It was enough to give anyone a headache. She had, of course, heard a few of the things that had been coming out following the arrests of so many members of The Order of the Phoenix, but it was one thing to read a few newspaper articles and quite another to hear it all and more in a massive courtroom.

Respect for authority, especially your teachers, was something that had been driven into Hermione Granger's mind from an early age. To have those figures of authority then go and betray their students and the country at large to such an extent was a difficult pill to swallow.

To make matters worse, it now looked like many of those betrayers of her trust were going to avoid their punishments. On top of that, after taking a good number of The Order away, Fawkes had gone and taken Harry too.

Despite their differences, she hoped that Harry was alright. She also hoped that Dumbledore would choke on one of his lemon flavoured sweets and die before he and The Order could get too far away.

Somewhere in the back of her mind, Hermione made a mental note to find out if a certain Mr Newt Scamander was still alive. If he was, she wanted to have a word with him. After all, his book, Magical Beasts and Where to Find Them, clearly stated that a Phoenix was a creature that associated with the light. There was clearly nothing light about Dumbledore, yet Fawkes still associated with the man and even did his bidding.

When they had arrived in the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, all of the Weasleys gathered around each other in one massive group hug, offering support and comfort to each other as a family. As a result, Hermione was left alone, standing by the door to the office as Aurors, Hit Wizards and many other employees of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement bustled hurriedly about.

This gave her a very good vantage point when Scrimgeour marched in and began issuing orders.

"Potter's been located. He managed to trigger the underage magic detectors in the Improper Use of Magic Office. Port keys to the location are being made as we speak. I want all field units ready to go within the next three minutes."

Upon hearing the commotion outside the office, Ginny and the twins came over to Hermione's side.

"What's going on?" queried George, looking around.

"They've located Harry," replied Hermione. "He managed to set off an underage magic alarm somehow."

"Looks like they're sending in everyone with even the slightest bit of combat experience," observed Fred.

"Good," said Ginny, firmly. "I hope they reduce Dumbledore to a bloody pulp."

"If they get there in time," said George. "Anything could have happened since Harry set the alarm off and it's going to be a couple of minutes yet before this lot are ready to go."

Ginny sighed sadly and leaned against the door frame. "If only there was some way to get Harry out of there faster."

A moment later Hermione's eyes widened as Ginny's words caused a thought popped into her head, a thought that quickly became a plan.



* * *



Dumbledore's ears were ringing as he sat up. The last thing he could remember was skimming through a memory in which Harry apparently broke up with one of the Patil girls and then had a heart-to-heart with the Abbott girl when all of a sudden he was being thrown through the air.

Normally wizards of Harry's age did not have bouts of accidental magic, and if they did the results were usually not that powerful. But then most wizards Harry's age had not been through so much as a fifth of the crap that Harry had had to put up with over the years.

Looking around, Dumbledore took stock of the situation. Everyone was sprawled out on the floor, including Harry. The magical burst he had emitted had smashed apart the chair beneath him as well as blowing the glass out of all the windows. The magical barrier Dumbledore had created to keep the rest of The Order at bay while he and Moody went through Harry's mind had collapsed while the wards that surrounded the property in a protective bubble were failing fast.

Moody sat up, looking for his magical eye which had fallen out of its socket and rolled away. As he looked around he commented "That blast will have triggered every alarm the Improper Use of Magic Office has. Aurors will be here soon."

A sudden squawking caught their attention and Dumbledore looked over to the corner where Fawkes was thrashing about in a panic. The previously resplendent Phoenix did not look so regal anymore. Its gold and scarlet feathers were replaced by green and black ones. The previously swan-like body was now more like that of a vulture and the once melodious voice was now a mournful sound.

Albus Dumbledore knew that his long-time friend and ally was useless to him now. With the Ministry likely on their way, he did not have time to change the appearance of the bird. Decades spent perfecting this one particular project had been undone in a matter of moments.

Getting to his feet, Dumbledore grabbed a dusty old lamp and pointed his wand at it, muttering the incantation "Portus!"

"Severus, Alastor, grab Harry. Minerva, Mundungus, Dedalus, Elphias, Poppy, grab hold of this portkey. It will take you to a safe house in Germany."

Snape and Moody made their way over to Harry as McGonagall, Pomfrey, Fletcher, Diggle and Doge took the first portkey. In the blink of an eye they were gone as Dumbledore began making another portkey out of a cushion.

Harry glared up at the two men as they approached him and growled "Get away from me," revealing for the first time that the silencing charm that Dumbledore had placed on him had been broken.

"Come on Potter," said Moody, stomping over and grabbing Harry by the front of his robes. Snape mirrored his actions and together they pulled Harry up off the floor. Following his magical outburst, Harry was too exhausted to put up much of a fight.

"Bring him here," commanded Dumbledore, holding out the cushion portkey.

"Get off," groaned Harry as he attempted to pull himself out of the grasps of the two men. In the end what he managed was the equivalent to a shrug of his shoulders.

"Stop fighting Potter," snapped Snape. "And walk properly!"

As Harry tried once again to break free, three things happened at the same time.

First, the wards around the house finally gave out entirely and collapsed. Second, several battalions of Aurors and Hit Wizards led by Amelia Bones and Rufus Scrimgeour arrived in a ring around the house.

Third a high pitched voice cried out "You shall not harm Harry Potter!"

There was a pulse of magic and both Moody and Snape were thrown away from Harry who promptly dropped to the floor, partly out of instinct, partly because he was too exhausted to stand up under his own power.

Severus Snape was thrown towards the stone fireplace and hit it with a sickening crunch. Moody landed at Dumbledore's feet.

Dumbledore's eyes locked onto the small assailant and raised his wand, but with a snap of his fingers, the aged wizard's opponent disarmed him. Dumbledore could only watch in horror as the wand that he had been using sailed through the air to be caught by his much smaller adversary.

A moment later Aurors and Hit Wizards stormed the building. Dumbledore ducked beneath the first wave of spell-fire, grabbed the front of Moody's robes with one hand and grabbed the cushion portkey with the other. A split second later they were gone.

As the Aurors and Hit Wizards ensured that every member of The Order of the Phoenix left behind was bound and gagged, Harry rolled over to see who his saviour was.

With eyes the size of tennis balls, ears like those normally found on bats, an old pillowcase for a robe, three bobble hats perched on his small, bald head, two poorly knitted scarves around his neck and more pairs of mismatched socks on his feet than should be possible, there was only one person that this could be.

"Dobby…" Harry said in a low voice, unable to speak any louder. "What are you doing here?"

"Dobby is coming to save Harry Potter, sir," replied Dobby, moving closer to Harry as the Aurors began searching the building.

"How did you know where I was?"

"Dobby could sense where you were, sir," explained the House Elf. "Dobby would have come sooner, sir, but Dobby did not know Harry Potter was being in trouble until Harry Potter sir's Grangy was telling him."

"My Grangy?" asked Harry, completely baffled. "Wait… do you mean Granger? Hermione Granger? She sent you?"

Dobby nodded his head vigorously, causing his large ears to flap. "Dobby and Miss Grangy have been talking much since the school year started, Harry Potter sir. We is bonding over trying to help Harry Potter sir but only making things worse. Miss Grangy saw a way for her and Dobby to make up for past mistakes."

Harry couldn't help it. He grinned. In spite of everything, the trauma, the aches in his muscles, the emotional and physical exhaustion, he grinned. After all, he was in no doubt that had Dobby not arrived, the Aurors would have been seconds too late to stop Dumbledore from whisking him away once again.

"Thank you Dobby…" he rested his forehead on the floor. "Thank you Hermione…"



* * *



As the team of Auror-healers took Harry away to St Mungo's for treatment for magical exhaustion, Amelia thanked Dobby profusely and asked that he go and pass on news of his triumph to Miss Granger. She had already sent people back to the Ministry to report in.

"Ma'am," said Dawlish, coming up behind her. "We have an Augury here."

Amelia turned and followed Dawlish over to the corner where the green and black bird lay under the influence of a stunning spell while Proudfoot ran his wand over it.

"Seems to have been subjected to a myriad of very powerful enchantments," explained Dawlish. "We believe that this may have been Dumbledore's Phoenix."

Amelia frowned and asked "So Harry's magical outburst transfigured it?"

"No, ma'am," replied Proudfoot. "While the bird has undoubtedly had magic cast on it in the past, there are no enchantments upon it now. I suspect Potter's magic cancelled what was there."

"Do you mean to tell me that Dumbledore's pet Phoenix was nothing more than a transfigured Augury and that Harry somehow broke that enchantment?" queried Amelia.

"Near as I can tell, yes," replied Proudfoot. "Though there was much more than just transfiguration at work here. There were charms, potions and runes as well."

"How?" asked Amelia.

Proudfoot shrugged and got to his feet. "No idea. All I can say is that Dumbledore is one of Britain's best in the art of transfiguration. Giving the Augury the appearance of a Phoenix would not have been too hard for him. He's had decades to perfect the rest of it; the songs, the healing tears, the flame-travel and the burning rebirth…"

"Are there any potions that can mimic Phoenix tears?" asked Dawlish.

"Couldn't tell you," said Proudfoot. "But if there is such a thing it will be invaluable. We might need to search Dumbledore's office at Hogwarts again. It might also be a good idea to have a magi-zoologist come in and take a look at the bird. See if they spot something I can't."

"Perhaps old Newt Scamander can be convinced to do an afternoon of study for us," said Scrimgeour, coming over to the group.

"Good idea," agreed Amelia. "In the meantime, we get everyone back to the Ministry and question them on everything that happened."

Everyone agreed and soon the first group, consisting of Snape, Flitwick, Kingsley and Sprout were being taken by port key back to the Ministry.

Scrimgeour turned to Amelia and asked "Disappointed?"

"That Dumbledore slipped through our fingers? Yes. However, Harry is safe, most of the Order, including that bastard Snape, have been recaptured, no one on our side was injured and Dumbledore appears to have been deprived of that blasted Phoenix. I'd say we've done fairly well."

"Aye," agreed Scrimgeour as Dawlish took Emmeline Vance away. "All things considered, this could have gone much worse."

"Remind me to ask the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures just what awards for bravery we have available for House Elves," commented Amelia. "The list of those deserving special recognition keeps getting longer and longer."



* * *



Well, there we have it. Sorry if it seems a little short, but there we are. For anyone wondering about Harry's magical outburst, this is something that has been building up within him since the third task of the Tri Wizard Tournament, if not before then. Everything that he has been through just built and built until it finally burst free, the results being what you see here.

And before anyone asks, yes, Dobby catching that wand does indeed mean what you think it means. I don't know if it will ever play a major role in events to come, all I know is that I wanted to deprive Dumbledore of his wand. To be honest, I forgot what the significance of that was until the moment I wrote it.

I know that many of you are annoyed that Dumbledore is still free, but, as with Voldemort, that is the last we will see of him for a while… unless we get a very brief update at the end of the next chapter. If that happens, then that will be the last we see of Dumbledore for a while. For now that arc of the story is pretty much closed.

I know that this "Dumbledore Strikes Back" arc hasn't been everyone's cup of tea and that a number of people have dropped the story because of it. Those of you who have stayed, thank you. Hopefully you will enjoy what lies in store next.





*Chapter 36*: Denouement Part 1


			This chapter contains a very important Author's Note at the end. Please pay attention to it.



* * *



Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 34: Denouement Part 1

King Ragnok, leader of the Goblin Nation within Gringotts sat behind his desk of black marble, looking over the latest findings from the Gringotts Security Division. It seemed that they had located the Goblin who, against the orders of his superiors, and against the expressed wishes their client, one Harry James Potter, had taken it upon himself to continue to deliver information on the Potter accounts to Albus Dumbledore.

Greevil had pleaded guilty to his crimes and the Goblin Court was prepared to sentence him to thirty years' hard labour in the mines. But before that could happen, Mr Potter's opinion would have to be sought on the matter. If the stories about the boy were true, it was doubtful that Mr Potter would request a harsher punishment, but it was not unknown for a Wizard to demand the death of a Goblin in cases such as these.

Thankfully this sort of thing didn't happen too often.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door and, following Ragnok's call of "Enter!" an official looking Goblin by the name of Kraguk entered.

"Your majesty," began Kraguk with a deep bow towards his king "I have just returned from the Lestrange family vault. We believe that we have located one of the items that Cyrus Greengrass warned us about."

Ragnok set his quill down, a frown marring his face as he considered this.

"This is ill news, Kraguk. That such an item could be hidden within Gringotts… We will have to organise a bank wide search for any similar artefacts. But now is not the time. I will contact Greengrass and Croaker. They will want to confirm what we have found before that abomination can be destroyed."



* * *



Two emerald green eyes followed the path of the faintly glowing wand tip as the healer moved it up and down and side to side. After a few moments the healer nodded thoughtfully and scribbled a note on the chart in his hand.

"Well," he said at last "there appears to be no lasting damage as far as I can tell. Just rest that ankle of yours and the sprain will soon heal thanks to the potion I have already given you."

"Thank you," replied Harry before asking "Did you get the report back from the mind healers yet?"

"Indeed I have," answered Healer Tofty. "And the good news is that there is absolutely no evidence that Dumbledore managed to block off any more of your memories."

"Well that's a relief," stated Harry.

"Indeed," said Healer Tofty. "In addition, there appears to have been a slight weakening in the blocks already placed in your mind. Two more mind healers will be coming in sometime tomorrow morning in order to confirm what we suspect. If we are right then it is entirely possible that we will be able to undo the obliviations in time, though doing so may well require specialist healers."

"Really?" asked Harry, unable to keep the eagerness out of his voice. "I'll get my memories back."

"It certainly looks that way, but try not to get your hopes up too much until you have been looked over again tomorrow morning. Only then will we know for sure. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go and check on a witch with the spout of a tea pot growing from where her nose should be."

Harry thanked the healer as he left the room. Of course, the healer's exit provided the signal to the group gathered outside that Harry was now free to receive visitors. Within moments of Healer Tofty leaving, they had all piled into the room and gathered around his bed.

Hannah and Sarah quickly sat in the seats closest to him on the right side of his bed while Sirius went and sat in the seat to the left, with Remus deciding to stand just behind him, near the window while Susan and Amelia were closer to the door.

"So how long was I missing for in the end?" asked Harry.

"Not even a full hour," replied Sirius. "But you still had us really worried."

"Are you sure you feel okay?" asked Sarah.

"I'm fine," replied Harry. "Apart from a bit of a headache that is. Hey, what happened with The Order?"

"Unfortunately Dumbledore was able to get away again," replied Amelia. "As far as we could tell, he used an international portkey to escape to Germany with about half of those he kidnapped from the courtroom. We sent a team after them but by the time they got there the safe house that had been set up for their arrival had been abandoned."

"Damn," muttered Harry. "Who did he manage to keep with him in the end?"

"Alastor Moody, Minerva McGonagall, Poppy Pomfrey, Elphias Doge, Dedalus Diggle and Mundungus Fletcher," said Amelia. "Everyone else is back in custody."

Harry was silent for a few moments, playing something over in his mind before he finally said "Some of them tried to help me. Snape's the one who hit me with the cruciatus curse. Shacklebolt tackled him to the ground and broke his nose. Then Flitwick, Sprout, Podmore and Vance tried arguing with Dumbledore, telling him he needed to stop. He refused to listen."

Amelia sighed and nodded before replying "Yes, they informed me of that during our questioning session. I was waiting on you to confirm it. The Wizengamot will be taking this into consideration when we cast the final verdicts tomorrow."

"Will I be alright to go and see that?" asked Harry. "I know that the healer said I need to rest, but I really want to see that bastard Snape get what's coming to him."

For a few moments no one offered up a reply, and then Remus broke the silence. "I'm afraid, Harry, that good old Severus Snape will not be receiving a trial."

"What?" demanded Harry, "Why not?"

"He died, Harry. When that house elf, Dobby, was it?" at Harry's nod Remus continued "When Dobby forced Snape and Moody away from you, Snape collided rather hard with the stone fireplace."

"He was still alive when we brought him into the hospital," added Amelia. "But he was bleeding quite badly. He didn't make it."

Harry wasn't sure what to make of this news. On the one hand he was happy, elated even that Snape would not be around anymore, never again to do the bidding of either Dumbledore or Voldemort, or to traumatise students entrusted into his care. But on the other hand, it felt oddly like Snape had escaped justice. He had avoided hearing the Wizengamot's judgement against him. He had avoided getting sent to languish in Azkaban.

Although Snape had died, he had avoided being told in advance that he would. He had avoided having to spend hours, maybe even days, dreading what was to come. He had avoided being marched off to his fate.

He had avoided having to suffer for what he had done, and Harry wasn't sure how to feel about that.

Finally he asked "Will Dobby be punished?"

"Absolutely not," replied Amelia. "He was asked to go and defend someone, which he did. That that someone is also a student of Hogwarts and Dobby is employed at Hogwarts only further protects him from retribution."

"Well, that's good," said Harry, feeling relieved. Then another thought occurred to him and he asked "What happened to Fawkes?"

"It turns out that the illustrious Albus Dumbledore had been pulling a trick there too," said Sirius.

At Harry's puzzled look Amelia explained "In truth, Fawkes was an augurey, a very different kind of magical bird. Its appearance as a phoenix is the result of decades' worth of work in the fields of transfiguration, runes, charms and possibly even potions. Your magical outburst which appears to have unlocked your memories also tore apart every enchantment the bird was subjected to. It's being examined by a magi-zoologist as we speak."



* * *



Gently, Newt Scamander lifted up the bird's left wing and ran his wand along the underside, the tip of the wand glowing brightly. A moment later he stowed away the wand and took out a tatty, leather tape measure and began measuring the length of the bones in the wing.

"Humerus bone is eight point two inches. Ulna is nine point one inches; radius is eight point seven inches."

Beside him his wife Porpentina used a quill to note down the measurements as he read them off, followed by the other wing, the bones in the legs and the length of the head and beak.

Finally he tucked the tape measure away and noted "Total span from wingtip to wingtip is seven feet and nine point two inches. Gentlemen, this is indeed an augurey."

"We had gathered that much," replied Rufus Scrimgeour, who was watching proceedings along with John Dawlish. "What we were hoping was that you could tell us how Albus Dumbledore managed to make it look like a phoenix."

Newt gave a shrug of his shoulders and replied "As to that I can only speculate, same as you. There are traces of what was done still on the bird, including rune marking on the skin. However I am no expert in those areas. If you want to find out how Dumbledore did what he did, I would suggest consulting with experts in the fields of transfiguration, charms, rune craft and possibly potions."

"I must warn you though; if you wish to find out anything you will have to keep it under the stasis charms you have already placed upon it. The true lifespan of an augurey is usually ten years, though they can sometimes go to twelve. The bird that we have here is closer to five times that age. Remove the stasis charms and its feathers will probably fall out and it'll die before the day is through."

"We've had reports," said Dawlish "Of this bird crying tears with the ability to heal."

"Yes, there are a few runes around the eyes," said Newt. "It's likely such 'tears' were leaked from them."

"But it doesn't make sense," said Scrimgeour. "The tears are known to have neutralised basilisk venom in a bite victim."

Newt looked positively intrigued by that. "Really? Well, I should like to meet the person who survived a basilisk bite. But yes, phoenix tears would have the ability to neutralise such a venom and heal the bite wound. Of course, Dumbledore would have had to procure those tears from somewhere and I am afraid that there is a bit of a black market for such things. I believe Dumbledore had at least one operative working in the seedy underside of society, if the facts reported in the Daily Prophet are correct of course."

Dawlish nodded. "Yeah. Mundungus Fletcher. He was Dumbledore's go-between, fetching dodgy potions ingredients and the like."

"Well, there's your answer then," said Newt. "Of course, phoenix tears aren't the only thing that could have healed the venom. As I recall it, Dumbledore once spent a considerable amount of time working with a certain Mr Nicolas Flamel in the field of alchemy. Flamel created a philosopher's stone, from which can be extracted the so called elixir of life.

"Assuming Dumbledore had access to either the stone or a supply of the elixir, the bird could actually have been producing that through the runes. While it would not neutralise the poison, it would actually prevent any damage from being done, heal the bite mark and leave the bitten party feeling perfectly healthy, leaving plenty of time for the correct antidote to be brewed and administered."

"That's a good theory," admitted Scrimgeour. "The only problem is that we have searched Dumbledore's office and quarters at Hogwarts from top to bottom following his arrest. We've also searched the his former office at the Ministry from when he was the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, and the office he was provided as Supreme Mugwump at the headquarters of the International Confederation of Wizards. We found no sign of the philosopher's stone, nor have Gringotts reported it in any of their searches of every vault Dumbledore ever had access too."

"According to reports, the only stone known to exist in recent times was destroyed a few years ago," commented Dawlish.

At that, Newt and Porpentina exchanged looks, the kind of looks that could only come from spending decades together.

"You doubt the claim?" stated Scrimgeour.

"I have no doubt that Albus Dumbledore told everyone who would listen that the stone had been destroyed," replied Newt, slowly.

"And it's likely that Nicolas and Perenelle Flamel died believing it to be true," added Porpentina.

"But you think it is likely that Dumbledore lied to them?" pressed Scrimgeour.

"Albus Dumbledore lied as often as he could in order to ensure things went his way," said Porpentina. "I certainly would not put it past the man to lie to his old colleague in order to keep the philosopher's stone for his own."

Scrimgeour nodded thoughtfully before turning his attention back to Newt and asking "Mr Scamander, perhaps you could tell me exactly what you relationship with Albus Dumbledore is, or was."

Newt sighed and drew his wand. With one flick he conjured up a comfortable looking armchair for his wife and then another for himself. As the he and his wife sat, he gestured that the two aurors do the same.

Scrimgeour and Dawlish each conjured their own seats and sat down to listen.

"At one time," began Newt "I considered Albus Dumbledore a friend. An ally. A confidant. When I first started Hogwarts, Dumbledore had not been there long, about five or six years. He taught transfiguration then and, though I was a Hufflepuff and he usually had more to do with the Gryffindors, he seemed to take an interest in me. I wasn't particularly good at transfiguration, but when the time came that I could take part in Care of Magical Creatures, he really encouraged me. He told me he saw great potential in me, that he thought I would make a great magi zoologist one day

"Then one day near the end of my sixth year, we all got outside for our lesson, only to be informed by Professor Brown that Professor Turpin was ill and that we were to take our books out and spend the lesson studying. That is when I made my mistake.

"We had been told by Professor Turpin in the previous lesson that we were going to be studying the Graphorn and I knew that Professor Turpin had had a live one brought in for us all to see. I was so sure that I knew what I was doing when I led the class over to that paddock, but because of that, Archibald Dearborn couldn't walk for the next three months. It was only the timely return of Professor Brown that prevented the Graphorn from killing Archie outright.

"Obviously I was expelled. I mean, really, how could I not have been? But Dumbledore was against it. I remember him marching into the meeting Professor Dippet was having with myself and my parents, arguing vehemently against my expulsion."

Newt paused for a moment, looking down at the floor before continuing "I was so grateful at the time to have someone on my side that I didn't even question his actions. Looking back though, in light of what has been revealed lately, it seems that I was lined up to be the first of his collection. "

"Yes," said Scrimgeour. "That does sound rather like some of the tales we had heard from the various members of The Order of the Phoenix. Did he ever ask you to join up?"

"Oh he tried," answered Newt. "But by then the bridges between us had been well and truly burnt?"

"How so?" queried Dawlish.

At that Porpentina gave a light laugh and said "Well, I suppose it all started with me. Or rather, it started with Newt's decision to marry me. Albus Dumbledore never exactly approved of me."

"Why?" pressed Scrimgeour. "Our records show that Albus' mother Kendra was an American, so I fail to see how he could object to a friend marrying an American witch."

Porpentina smiled and quipped "Ah, but it isn't the 'American' part that he had trouble with."

After allowing the two Aurors a few moments to let her statement sink in, she continued "Yes, dear Newton here goes all through Hogwarts and more than a decade after, chasing after magical beasts seemingly without any interest whatsoever in the females of his own species. Then he ventures off to New York for a couple of months and then comes back with me on his arm. Poor old Albus was most disappointed. Though admittedly, that was only the start of the breakdown of their friendship."

"What put an end to it?" inquired Dawlish, who wasn't entirely comfortable with the subject just discussed.

"Dumbledore and his publishing of the Twelve Uses for Dragon's Blood," said Newt. "I begged him not to do it. I pleaded with him. But Albus Dumbledore does what he wants with little to no regard for anyone else. 'It's for the Greater Good' he said in that insistent way of his.

"If all twelve uses were medicinal then I could understand, but only half of them are. I mean, really! Why bother advertising the fact that dragon's blood makes a good oven cleaner when a scourgify spell does the job just as well?"

"Within a year there was a massive black market in dragon blood and now, forty years later, two species, the Catalonian Fireball and the Portuguese Long-Snout are extinct while the other ten are confined to what the International Confederation of Wizards like to insist are called 'reserves' when we all know they are actually 'farms'."

"Dumbledore likes to preach about how wizards should treat our fellow magical creatures with the care and respect they deserve, but ultimately he is just as thoughtless as most."



* * *



With a flick of a wand the small golden cup floated up into the air and began to rotate. At the right angle, the image of a badger could be seen.

"What do you think?" asked Cyrus Greengrass.

Next to him Saul Croaker gave a nod. "Oh, yes. It's a horcrux alright."

"Can you be sure that it's his?" asked King Ragnok from his seat on the opposite side of his black marble desk.

"According to our investigations, a cup like this is one of the items that was reported missing by the Smith family shortly after the death of Hepzibah Smith. Assuming that the Smith family's claim of being directly descended from Helga Hufflepuff is true…"

"It is," confirmed Ragnok.

"Then it seems that we can confirm that Tom Riddle did indeed steal this from her," finished Cyrus. "It is unlikely that he would have given it to someone else, therefore it is safe to assume that the fragment of soul contained within belongs to him."

"Have you a way to destroy it?" asked Ragnok.

"Fiendfyre will do it," answered Croaker. "However, that is not an easy spell to contain once it has started."

Ragnok thought for a moment before getting out of his seat and walking around his desk.

"Come," he said. "We will take it down to one of our empty high security vaults. They are designed to survive a great deal of damage. If they won't contain the flames until they run out of things to burn, nothing will."



* * *



Harry looked up in surprise when the tawny owl swooped in through the open door of his hospital room. He watched with interest as it swooped around the room and came to land on his bedside table, between the fruit bowl and the book on occlumency that he had been reading.

Everyone else had left the room. Hannah and Susan had gone to raid the canteen. Amelia had returned to the Ministry. Sarah was off talking to a couple of healers. Sirius had said something about having some important business at Gringotts to take care of and Remus had volunteered to go with him.

The tawny owl held out its leg, presenting Harry with a small envelope, and then looked up at him expectantly. Harry took the envelope and opened it as the owl spread its wings and took off again.

Harry watched as the owl flew back out through the door before taking a piece of parchment out of the envelope and unfolding it to read the words written on it.

Dear Harry,

I hope that this letter finds you well. As you may know, in light of recent events, my father has decided to send me to attend school in China rather than remain in Britain with my family. I'm writing this in my new dorm room and will have to send it to my mother and then hope that she will send it on to you, so I don't even know if this will ever get to you.

I don't know if anybody told you, but the Ministry did manage to confirm that I was regularly being given a rather heavy dosage of lust potion during the short time since the start of the new school year. They believe that the first dose was somehow slipped to me on the Hogwarts Express, though no one can confirm this.

I believe that I have you to thank for bringing my condition to the attention of the right people. The potion was indeed keyed to you, which explains why I was all over you outside the prefects' compartment and the carriage ride up to the castle.

I also want to thank you for not taking advantage of the situation. I know that you are a well-mannered wizard, but there aren't many boys your age that would have shown the restraint that you did. I shudder to think what would have happened had the potion been keyed to someone like Theodore Nott in your year or Cormac McLaggen or Graham Montague in mine. Or, Merlin forbid, that Cassius Warrington in the year above mine.

And lastly, I want to thank you for something else. I don't know if anyone else has thanked you for it, but I know that I haven't so I will do it now. Thank you for bringing Cedric back at the end of last term. I believe what you said happened at the end of the Third Task and I understand that it must have been a huge risk for you to try and bring Cedric back with you, but, ever selfless, you did. And I sincerely thank you for it. I would have hated for him to have been left in what must surely have been a terrible place.

Well, I had better be going now. It's getting late here and I have my first day of classes tomorrow. If you want to keep in touch, my address is on the back of this piece of parchment.

Thank you again, Harry. I hope that we will be able to see each other again one day.

Yours in friendship

Cho.

With a tear building in his right eye and threatening to fall, Harry blew out a breath and muttered "Damn! I was not prepared for that!"

"Prepared for what?" asked Hannah, causing Harry to look up to see that she and Susan had just walked back into the room, arms laden with cakes, cookies and a bunch of bananas that they had gotten from the visitors' tea room on the top floor of the hospital.

"Uh, I got a letter from Cho Chang," answered Harry, holding up the letter in question.

"Oh cool," said Hannah. "Let's see!"

She snatched the letter out of Harry's hand before he could even begin to contemplate refusing and glanced over it before letting out a low whistle.

"Blimey, Harry. You sure know how to catch the eye of these foreign witches don't you?"

"Very funny," retorted Harry, snatching the letter back as Susan giggled.

He tried glaring at the two witches, but the effect was somewhat ruined by the red flush to his cheeks and the moisture build up in his eye.

"Ah, don't worry Harry," said Hannah, keeping up her teasing tone as she threw one arm around his shoulders in a hug. "One day you will meet a nice girl who will decide to stay with you rather than retreat to Asia."

Without breaking his less than threatening glare at the blonde girl Harry asked "Susan, you know the rule that says boys can't hex girls?"

"Yup," the redhead replied.

"Are exceptions made for when the girl in question is being very mean to the boy?"

"Nope." responded Susan.

"Damn…" muttered Harry. "Are you sure? Even if it's not too serious? I'm thinking like a pimples hex or something."

Susan tapped her chin thoughtfully before answering "Well, there isn't really a rule that says boys can't hex girls; it's just a matter of good manners. But seeing as we are outside of school you could technically still get into trouble for using magic while underage."

"Damn…" muttered Harry again as Susan and Hannah giggled.

"Keep it up and I'll give you a strike, Prefect Abbott."

Hannah pouted "Come on Harry. That's just mean. You know that with Padma gone I'm your favourite prefect."

"Oh, I don't know about that," retorted Harry, seizing on the opportunity to get in a little teasing of his own. "Pansy Parkinson's not so bad now that she's growing into that nose of hers."

Hannah gasped in shock and then slapped Harry on the arm. "Don't you dare ever compare me unfavourably to that pug faced cow again, Harry Potter!"

Harry was laughing as Hannah attempted to whack him again. "Okay, okay. Fine. You're better than Pansy, okay?"

Hannah straightened herself up and crossed her arms. "That's better."

A grin tugged at the corners of Harry's mouth and he couldn't resist adding "But I will point out that I did recently have to replace Draco Malfoy with one Daphne Greengrass and, I mean, have you seen those legs she's got?"

Hannah glared at him but quickly turned it onto her best friend when Susan commented "He has kind of got you there, Han. That girl's got the kind of legs that go on and on forever."

"Yeah," agreed Harry. "Well, not forever, obviously. They do end. In fact they come off of the ground and up and up and up until they are replaced by what has to be the loveliest bottom I've ever seen - OUCH!"

Harry's monologue about the finer things regarding Daphne Greengrass came to an end when Hannah punched him in the shoulder.

"Oh, come on Hannah," he protested. "I'm just messing with you. You've clearly got your own thing going. I mean come on; Neville obviously likes what he sees when he looks at you."

"Damn right he does," confirmed Hannah. "Which is why I don't want you making comments like that about Daphne bloody Greengrass or anyone else for that matter. Especially not when Neville is around. I can't have him realising that there are other girls out there before I'm ready to make him mine."

"When are you going to make him yours?" teased Susan.

"About the same time you make Eddie Carmichael yours," retorted Hannah.

Susan blushed but replied "Yeah, well, I have an obstacle to get over in that Eddie already has a girlfriend. What's your excuse?"

Clearly getting flustered now, Hannah floundered for a moment as she searched for a retort, before finally settling on "It's tradition for the boy to ask out the girl."

"Who gives a crap about tradition?" responded Susan. "I say you should be a modern, empowered woman who goes after the man she wants. That's what Padma did with Harry."

He wasn't quite sure, but for some reason Harry felt like his masculinity had just been called into question, prompting him to feel the need to remark "Technically Padma just asked if I wanted to hang out with her. I'm the one who turned it into an actual date."

Neither girl said anything in reply, but both of them did give him a look that quite plainly said "Oh, do be quiet you silly boy."



* * *



Three goblin warriors slammed the vault door shut with a heavy clang and the guard sealed it even as the flames within roared with intensity.

The four goblins then stepped back to stand beside their king and the two wizards.

All waited with bated breath and grew anxious as the door began to glow with a pale orange light.

The two wizards raised their wands instinctively, but the glow faded and the roaring sound of flames within grew fainter and fainter until they were drowned out by a terrifying scream that was abruptly cut off moments after it started.

A minute passed.

Two.

The wizards exchanged looks and nodded to the Goblin King.

Ragnok gestured to the guard who approached the door and unlocked it. The three warriors raised their shields as the heavy door swung open, but nothing happened.

The flames had burnt themselves out, and all that was left of the cup of Helga Hufflepuff was a small, charred patch on the floor of the vault. Not even a glimmer of gold remained.

Another of Lord Voldemort's horcruxes had been destroyed.



* * *



Harry's lunch with Hannah and Susan was interrupted by a knock at the door, prompting Harry to look around just as Sirius poked his head through the door.

"Harry," the man said, jovially. "You got a few minutes? I've got a couple of people out here who would like to talk to you."

"Uh, yeah, sure." replied Harry.

Sirius pushed the door open more and gestured to someone outside. A moment later, Ron and Hermione walked into the room, both looking a little unsure of themselves.

"Alright mate?" began Ron.

"Yeah, not bad," replied Harry, who was distracted a moment later when he felt his mattress suddenly rise a little bit. Looking around he saw that both Hannah and Susan had gotten off of the bed and were retreating to the opposite corner of the room, presumably to give Harry a little space to talk with the newcomers.

Turning back to the duo, Harry searched for a way to get some kind of conversation going.

Finally he settled on "So, Hermione, I believe I have you to thank for sending Dobby after me."

Hermione nodded her head, but seemingly could not bring herself to look up at him. Harry had never known her to be so quiet.

"Well, Dobby arrived at just the right time. Dumbledore was about to take be off somewhere else. If Dobby hadn't turned up when he did, I could be in a completely different country by-"

"I'm sorry!" Hermione blurted out suddenly.

"Wha-?" Harry asked.

"I'm sorry. I should never have listened to Dumbledore. I thought he had your best interests at heart but clearly he didn't. I'm so, so sorry." Hermione said all this in a rush, almost as one word.

"Yeah, mate," added Ron. "We didn't what he was up to. I mean, he's Dumbledore, you know?"

Harry sighed and nodded.

He did know.

He didn't like to admit it, but there was a time when Harry himself would have done a lot of things without thinking, simply because Dumbledore had asked him to. In fact, if he thought about it, there were a lot of things he had not done, simply because of his misplaced faith in Dumbledore – most notable, not questioning things at Hogwarts; not questioning the supposed safety of the castle despite a plethora of evidence against such a statement, not calling out certain members of staff on their biased behaviour or their downright incompetence…

But he's Dumbledore… How many times had Harry reassured himself over the last few years by repeating that assertion in his mind?

Harry wondered what would have happened had he never begun to question things. Why, he might have ended up walking alone and unarmed to a death at Voldemort's hand based on one of Dumbledore's half-baked theories.

He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes wearily before placing them back on his face and saying "Look guys, I've been doing some thinking. Ron, do you remember what Dumbledore told your parents just after we rescued Ginny from the Chamber of Secrets?"

Ron shook his head.

Harry continued "He said 'There will be no punishment. Older and wiser wizards than she have been hoodwinked by Lord Voldemort.' And given what has come to light through recent events, I think that it is fair to say that a similar statement can easily be applied to you two; clearly, older and wiser wizards than the two of you were hoodwinked by Albus Dumbledore. People from all walks of life, whether they work in the Ministry, in Hogwarts, in Gringotts, in a shop in Diagon Alley, or are a stay at home parent, fell for the myth, the legend that Dumbledore spent decades propagating for himself."

There was a pause before Hermione looked up and asked "So, you're not mad at us anymore?"

Harry gave a wry smile and replied "No. I'm not mad anymore."

A moment later, he was flat on his back, a sobbing Hermione crying into his shoulder.

Ron cleared his throat awkwardly and said "Thanks mate. Glad we can be friends again."

Harry grinned at the red head as he reached for the box of tissues that sat on his bedside table. Hermione took them gratefully as she got off at him and began dabbing at her eyes with one of the tissues.

"So," said Harry, looking to change the subject a little "Are you two going to be joining those going to Waxwings?"

Hermione nodded and said "Yes. It'll be really interesting to see what it's like there after four years of Hogwarts. I hope the library is good."

"Never mind the library," said Ron. "I wanna see what their Quidditch Pitch is like. Did you know that their teams play in at least one match every month rather than once a term like Hogwarts?"

"No kidding," said Harry. "What about your prefect's positions? I'm supposed to be helping everyone settle in and I'm really going to need the prefects' help on that."

"Of course, Harry," said Hermione, emphatically. "Any help you need, I'll be right there."

Ron, meanwhile, shuffled awkwardly as Hermione answered before saying "Actually, Harry, I wanted to talk about that. See, I don't really think that this prefect thing is for me. I mean, I know that for some people it's great and they get a real kick out of it, but it takes up so much time and I don't feel like you really get anything back for it. Plus, when we get to Waxwings I really want to get on one of their Quidditch teams and I know I'll have to practice a lot just to get onto the team, and once I do get on the team I'll need to practice a lot so I can stay on the team… you understand right, mate?"

Harry grinned and nodded. "Yeah, Ron, I get it. I really do. If you want to make it as a Quidditch player, then you're going to have to commit to it. And it that means stopping being a prefect, then so be it."

Ron returned the grin "Thanks mate."

Harry turned to Hermione, who was now sitting on his right. "Ok Hermione, first thing I need your help with; new prefects. Most of our former professors are not in eligible to appoint anyone as a prefect, while Professor Umbridge has not been there long enough to form an accurate opinion of most of the students."

He turned towards the corner of the room where Hannah and Susan were sitting quietly. "Hannah, I'm going to need your help with this too."

"Sure," she replied, getting up and joining them.

"Ah… I'll just head home," said Susan. "Let you get on with your work." Left unsaid was "before you rope me in as well!"

"Yeah, I'm gonna head home too," said Ron, following Susan out the room.

"I'd better make sure that he gets home safe," said Sirius, getting up from his armchair. "His mother will lynch me if he somehow gets lost in the floo network or something."

Harry, Hermione and Hannah called "goodbye" after them as Harry took a piece of parchment and a quill off of his bedside table and began making notes.

"Right," Harry began, "So far the only replacements came when I had to kick out Malfoy. A review by Professor Sinistra eliminated all the other fifth year boys so instead the role was taken by Daphne Greengrass. Following this latest fiasco, Cho Chang has been sent by her parents to a school in China and Padma Patil is now attending a school in India. With Ron resigning, we now have three prefect positions to fill."

"Have you heard from any of the other prefects?" asked Hermione. "I know that there are some parents who were making alternative arrangements to Waxwings for their children. A prefect could easily be lost in the shuffle."

"Damn, you're right," said Harry, before reaching for his bedside table once again and taking more parchment in hand. "So, here's what we're gonna do. I'm going to write to all the students who held prefect positions before everything went to hell. If they're coming to Waxwings then great, if not, I'll wish them well and ask that they return their badge so that other arrangements can be made for the position. While I'm doing that, I need you two to draw up a list of potential candidates for Ron, Padma and Cho's positions and try and work out who would be best. For Padma's spot I was sort of thinking Lisa Turpin, and then maybe Neville for Ron's spot, but I'll leave it up to you. I never really got to know Cho's dorm mates, so I don't know who to suggest there."

"I don't know those girls too well," said Hermione. "But I would like to offer a veto for Marietta Edgecombe. She has a bit of a reputation for being a bully."

"I second that," agreed Hannah. "But Harry, are you sure you should be worrying about this right now? The healer said you need rest."

"I need to rest my ankle, Hannah," replied Harry. "My hands still work fine. Besides, doing this will help take my mind off of the ache.

"Fine, just don't overdo it. That'll only get mum annoyed."

Hermione frowned and asked "Why would your mum get annoyed about that?"

"Because she's my Godmother and has decided to make up for the fact that she hasn't been able to raise me for the last thirteen years like my mother wanted her to." explained Harry.

"Oh, that's right," said Hermione. "They mentioned that during the trials didn't they? There was just so much information being thrown around, it didn't all sink in even with me. It must be nice having one of your mother's friends around."

"It is," answered Harry. "It's gonna be great living with her from now on."

Hermione seemed to pause just for a moment before asking for clarification "You're going to be living with the Abbotts?"

"Yeah. Why wouldn't I?"

Hermione bit her lip before answering "Does Sirius know?"

"Oh shite!" groaned Harry. "How the hell am I gonna tell him?"

Hannah glanced up at the door and said "I'm guessing that you're not gonna have to."

Harry looked around and saw that Sirius was standing in the doorway, having returned from making sure that Ron got home safely.

He groaned and buried his face in his hands, wondering how best to deal with this situation.



* * *



A/N: A denouement? Er, yes. Don't worry, the story is not over. Far from it, in fact.

The simple fact is that, with this story having gone on for so long, and likely to continue for a long time yet, I have taken the decision to break it up into separate novels.

It is likely that this one, which is the first book of the series (I say series, I don't really know how many there will be, so the second could also be the last) may get renamed. Despite the title, Harry was only ever a Student Advisor and never got around to actually becoming the Junior Inquisitor suggested by the title. So I may rename this one the "Student Advisor" Book and then the next the "Junior Inquisitor" book and then refer to it as the "Junior Inquisitor Series" – but that's not set in stone.

There is also another reason for my breaking the story into parts. As I am sure many of you have become aware, updates for this story have become rather few and far between over the last year and a half. This is due in no small part to the fact that I am attending a college course (which I'm sure I have mentioned several times) – the workload isn't all that huge, but the problem is that once I spend several hours writing answers for questions based on health and safety in the workplace, sports turf drainage and irrigation techniques and how to control pests and diseases in plants, the absolute last thing I want to do is sit down and write a story, no matter how much a love doing it.

Anyway, the point is that the last day of lessons for the course is in about two weeks. From then on I have until October to get everything done (that means gathering evidence of practical knowledge at work, writing candidate reports and filling out all the assigned question sheets, handing it all in to be marked, getting it back from the instructors so as to identify any areas where I am not yet competent, improve my understanding where needed and hand it all back) – basically I've got a lot of written work to do over the summer.

Anyway, this really means that I won't have a huge amount of time to focus on a large-scale story like this one. That doesn't mean I will be giving up writing for that period of time. I still enjoy the process, but I have to prioritise, so any writing done will likely be one-shots until such a time that I can devote the time and attention that this story deserves.

If I can get on with the next book earlier, I will, if not then it will have to be October. Sorry if that annoys everyone, but work beats hobby. And this is a hobby, no matter what certain reviewers may think – demand updates all you want, if I don't have the time or energy, I won't be writing.

Got a little off topic there…

I decided to end with a denouement of sorts, just to round off certain threads of the story and make sure that all of you know where things stand right now. However, the chapter was getting so long that I have decided to break it into two parts. Part 2 should be up by Monday.

As a side note, I know that there will be some of you who are pissed that Harry has accepted Ron and Hermione's apologies. All I can say is that it isn't just me being cheap with it. It has sort of become essential for Harry to do so. It's like Harry says – people from all walks of life, from the highest to the lowest, including Harry himself, have all at some time or another fallen into the trap of Dumbledore's web of lies and manipulations - it would be wrong for Harry to be friendly with Sirius and Remus while rejecting Ron and Hermione.

Anyway, I do have some story lines planned for the pair, ones that I hope you will enjoy. Getting them on Harry's side will allow those story lines to progress (as well as a smaller side story for some of the other Weasleys which will be linked to improvements at Hogwarts) – Anyway, that's all to come in book two.

The last chapter should round off a couple more threads, including the sentencing part of The Order Trials, Harry and Sirius discussing Harry's living arrangements, a check in with Voldemort, a check in with Dumbledore, Harry getting back the last of the possessions Dumbledore kept from him and, at long last, addressing the issue of the students who were abandoned by their Death Eater parents (yes, Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Theodore Nott and others are still stuck in limbo at the Ministry)

So that's it. Any questions, feel free to ask. And look out for Denouement Part 2 coming very, very soon!





*Chapter 37*: Denouement Part 2


			Harry Potter: Junior Inquisitor

Chapter 35: Denouement Part 2

Harry missed it, but Hannah and Hermione shared a quick conversation which took place using only facial expressions before they then got up off of Harry's hospital bed and made for the door.

"Just getting a drink," Hannah offered as an explanation for their sudden departure before she and Hermione disappeared through the door.

"So, you want to live with the Abbotts?" asked Sirius, breaking the awkward silence.

"Well, technically it would be with the Bones' because the Abbotts are living there until the ward system around Abbott House is repaired and strengthened. But yeah, I want to live with them. I got comfortable with them over the summer and… well…"

Sirius rubbed his forehead and said "Yeah, no, I get it. It's fine, really. It's just; I was kind of looking forward to having you around."

"I'll come and visit," said Harry. "So it's not like I'll never be around.

"Yeah," agreed Sirius. "Yeah. We can have guy nights, you know? Get some beers in, order some of that pizza stuff Lily introduced the Marauders to…"

"Watch the footie…" added Harry, drawing a blank look from Sirius. Quickly Harry clarified "That's short for football. Muggle sport, you know? Eleven players per side, kicking a ball about…?"

"Oh yeah. I'll have to get one of those felly-tisions then, won't I?"

"Television," corrected Harry. "Yeah. And it's not just football. There's rugby too. And horse racing. Oh, and Formula One… that's car racing."

Sirius grinned wryly and commented "Sounds good. And while we're at it, I can teach you all the things a guy should know but Sarah would never think to teach you."

"Like what?" asked Harry.

"Like…" Sirius paused as he attempted to think of something. Finally he settled on "Like how to chug a pint of beer in ten seconds flat."

"Yeah…" said Harry, slowly. "Seamus already showed me how to do that after the second task of the Tri Wizard Tournament. Then Ron showed me exactly why I should never do so."

Sirius' grin turned into a smirk "That bad, huh?"

"Finest piece of projectile vomiting I have ever witnessed," said Harry. "Followed closely by the second best right hook I've ever seen delivered to someone. Dean was pissed because Ron got vomit on his bed."

"Hitting the bed next to him? You weren't kidding when you said the projectile vomiting was impressive."

"No, I sleep in the bed to the left of Ron's and Neville sleeps in the one to Ron's right. Dean's bed is on the opposite side of the dorm."

"Damn, that is impressive. Though I can't say I blame Dean for punching Ron. So what was the best right hook you've ever seen if that was second?"

"Oh, Hermione walloped Draco Malfoy in our third year. He was being really foul about the Ministry's plans to execute Buckbeak and she just went over to him and clouted him. Then she pulled out her wand. She probably would have hexed him if he hadn't run for it."

"Really? She doesn't seem the type."

"Well, she was really riled up at the time. Overworking herself, what with that time-turner and all those extra classes she was taking. She blew up at Professor Trelawney about an hour later. Stormed right out of the class and never went back."

"Like that, is it?" asked Sirius. "Well Harry, it's a good thing you're on speaking terms with her again. A girl who can get riled up like that is always fun to have around, especially if you can convince her to let you help her work through her… frustrations."

Harry felt his cheeks burn at the implication. "Sirius! Hermione and I aren't like that!"

Sirius laughed and said "I'm just winding you up Harry. I know you and Hermione are just friends. But I do stand by that piece of advice. Keep it in mind should the opportunity arise."

Harry cleared his throat and said "Thanks for the tip, but if it's all the same to you I think I'm going to take a break from the drama of a love life for a while."

Sensing the opportunity to bond with his Godson, Sirius used his wand to conjure an armchair out of thin air and sat in it before prompting Harry to continue.

"Look, let's just say I'm unlucky in that particular area and leave it at that, ok?" said Harry.

Sirius raised an eyebrow at him, and before Harry knew it, the floodgates had opened. He told Sirius about his disaster of a date with Parvati Patil at the Yule Ball the previous school year. He told Sirius about getting on well with Parvati's twin sister Padma and going on a picnic by the lake, and then the subsequent relocation of both girls to India because of the actions of The Order of the Phoenix.

Then he told Sirius about Cho Chang, how he had first noticed her in a Quidditch game against Ravenclaw in his third year. How he had wanted to ask her to the Yule Ball, only to find out that Cedric Diggory had gotten there first… how she had said she was sorry that she had already said yes to Cedric before he, Harry, had gotten to ask her.

"Did she mean that?" asked Sirius "Or was she just saying that to spare your feelings?"

"No idea." replied Harry. "I don't know how a girl's mind actually works."

His Godfather chuckled at that and said "Welcome to the pain of men everywhere, Harry."

Harry grinned before continuing "I like to think she meant it, but then, she did continue to go out with Cedric after the Yule Ball, so she can't have been that disappointed in her choice of date. Fast forward a couple of months and I appear outside the maze of the Third Task, holding on to her murdered boyfriend."

"Yep, that would put a damper on things." said Sirius, nodding.

"But at least I brought him back. I could have just left his body there and saved my own skin."

"Harry, I think you were in a no win situation no matter what you did. Had you left him she would have hated you for it. You brought him back, but now that she has that image of you in her head, well, surely you can see how difficult that that would be for her to get past. Hell, I think it would be difficult enough for most people."

"But then we got on the Hogwarts Express for the start of the new school year and she was all over me. It was quite disturbing actually. Then, of course, we find out she was dosed up with a love potion. Dumbledore's actions, as it turns out. He panicked when I aligned myself with the Ministry and he was hoping to keep me distracted."

Sirius sighed heavily and said "He was caught off guard and had to plan quickly."

Harry nodded. "Yes, I have noticed that Dumbledore's plans don't seem to work out too well when he has to think them up quickly. The dose was far too strong and as a result, Cho's behaviour was off-putting rather than appealing. I only wish I had spotted exactly what was going on with her sooner."

"I'm sure that you'll have the chance to make it up to her. Will she be attending Waxwings?"

Harry shook his head and reached over to his bedside table. He took the letter out of the drawer and handed it to Sirius, who read it twice before letting out a low whistle.

"Damn, Harry. You sure do have an effect on these witches, don't you? Are you going to keep in contact?"

"I might," replied Harry.

"You should. She's clearly extending an olive branch to you here. Even if nothing else ever comes of it, she still wants to be your friend."

"I suppose," agreed Harry.

"So, any other girls strike your fancy? You looked comfortable enough with Sarah's daughter when I came in here."

"Hannah? No, she's likes my friend Neville, though she won't admit it to him."

"And her red headed friend?"

"Susan likes an older boy in Ravenclaw; Eddie Carmichael."

"How about Ron's sister?"

Harry snorted derisively and said "Sirius, she looks like my mother. The universe has thrown enough shite at me in my life without adding an Oedipus complex into the mix, thank you."

At that Sirius broke out into laughter and a few moments later Harry joined him.

After it had died down Harry asked "Are you sure you're okay with me living with Sarah?"

"Harry, if it makes you happy, then I'm happy." He even had a genuine smile on his face as he said it.



* * *



"Amelia, have you got a minute?"

Amelia looked up from her desk to see Cyrus Greengrass standing at the door.

"For anybody else, I'd have to say no, Cyrus. But I trust that this is not a social visit."

"It isn't," replied Cyrus, shutting the door and taking the seat on the opposite side of the desk. "I've just come from Gringotts. King Ragnok himself called in Croaker and I earlier today."

"And?" pressed Amelia.

"Per our request following our discovery that Voldemort has been creating Horcruxes, the Gringotts Security Division has been conducting thorough searches of the vaults of known Death Eaters and their sympathisers. This morning they found a suspicious object in the Lestrange family vault. Croaker and I were able to confirm that what they had found was indeed a Horcrux."

"Where is it now?"

"We thought it best to destroy it there and then. We placed it within an empty high security vault and cast the fiendfyre spell. The vault successfully contained the flames until they burnt out. The Horcrux was destroyed."

"Well, at last we have some good news," said Amelia.

"Yes, but we need further leads," said Cyrus. "Amelia, the Horcrux was an ancient artefact; the golden cup that used to belong to Helga Hufflepuff."

"That thing's been missing for decades. How did he get a hold of it?"

Cyrus then related his and Croaker's meeting with Caractacus Burke shortly before his death, and the details that had been revealed during it.

Amelia took out her monocle and wiped it on a piece of cloth as she thought for a few moments before finally asking "So, where do you suggest we go from here?"

"We need to reopen the case surrounding the death of Hepzibah Smith. We must determine whether or not she did have the locket of Slytherin at the time of her death, and if she did then we must confirm that it was indeed stolen. That probably won't help us with locating it now if it is a Horcrux, but at least we will have confirmation that Tom Riddle stole it. Then we need to discover if any further items were stolen."

"That won't be easy," said Amelia. "That murder happened nearly fifty years ago and the Smith family is still greatly divided over how Hepzibah's assets were shared out. There are five branches of that family, all claiming that the others stole things for their own."

Cyrus well understood what she was saying. Family politics and in-fighting frequently caused investigations to grind to a halt and often required large amounts of time and money to sort out.

"Unfortunately, we do need to establish what, if anything, Tom Riddle also stole that night. We also need to look into the Gaunt family. We all know that Voldemort often referred to himself as the heir of Slytherin. We also know that Marvolo Gaunt used the title as often as he could. Further, the last known surviving member of the family, Morfin, spent an extended period of time in Azkaban for the murder of Thomas Riddle and his parents. Thomas Riddle if the biological father of Tom Riddle. That cannot be a coincidence.

"You believe Voldemort killed his father, yet framed Morfin?" queried Amelia.

"As that father was a muggle, then yes. Put that together with Harry Potter's claims that Voldemort's resurrection took place in the grounds of Riddle Manor and that the Gaunts were known to live nearby… We need to establish any links that the Gaunts and Riddles had. I believe that the answer may lie with Voldemort's mother. If we can identify her-"

"You believe she was a member of the Gaunt family," prompted Amelia.

Cyrus nodded.

"That will certainly take some work," said Amelia. "Let me get the trials of The Order of the Phoenix out of the way and I'll see what I can do."



* * *



"Head's up Harry!" called out Hannah, chucking a rolled up copy of The Evening Prophet towards him as she entered his hospital room with Susan in tow.

"It's a special edition," explained Susan as she and Hannah took seats. "They started printing them within two hours of the trials being over. Oh, and I've brought you this like you asked."

Susan handed him the box that contained numerous things belonging to the Potter family that the Aurors had uncovered in Dumbledore's office. Harry hadn't yet sorted through everything and had wanted it so that he could keep himself busy whilst confined to his hospital bed.

Harry set the box aside for now. Instead he unrolled the newspaper that Hannah had brought for him and looked at the cover. Many photographs of the members of the Order not taken away by Dumbledore covered the front page

"How did your appointment with the mind healers go?" asked Hannah as she helped herself to a few grapes from the dish on Harry's bedside table.

"Well, the blocks by Dumbledore have indeed been weakened," said Harry, not taking his eyes off the front page. "They think that a few sessions with a skilled in legillimency could help me begin to unlock them properly. Hey, is this right that Filch and Figg, or whatever their real names were, are the only ones who were sentenced to Azkaban?"

"It's true," said Susan. "However, all the members of the Order still at large were tried in absentia. They're all going to Azkaban the moment they're caught."

Harry began reading aloud the various punishments.

"Filius Flitwick: fired from Hogwarts; fined 70,000 galleons; sentenced to five hundred hours' worth of community service; forbidden to ever take on another student or apprentice; stripped of all prizes and titles awarded to him on the professional duelling circuit, including removal of his name from the British Duellers Association's Hall of Fame."

"That last bit was decided by the British Dueller's Association, not the Wizengamot," supplied Susan, helpfully.

Harry nodded and continued reading.

"Kingsley Shacklebolt; fired from the Auror office and stripped of all titles awarded therein; fined 50,000 galleons; sentenced to four hundred hours' worth of community service; never again allowed to seek employment within the British Ministry of Magic or with any of its affiliates."

"Pomona Sprout; fired from Hogwarts; fined 70,000 galleons; sentenced to five hundred hours' worth of community service; forbidden to ever take on another student or apprentice; forbidden to grow or cultivate any manner of magical plant; name removed from the Wizarding Horticultural Society's list of noteworthy herbologists and fired from her position within the Wizarding Horticultural Society's publishing offices."

"That means they've discontinued the two pieces she used to contribute to the WHS monthly magazine," explained Hannah. "She used to do a piece on the month-by-month happenings within the greenhouses at Hogwarts, and had an advice column called Ask the Expert."

The other members of the Order were all sentenced in similar ways. In addition to various fines and sentences to community service, Bill Weasley was no longer employed by Gringotts and had had his curse-breaker's licence revoked. Tonks had already been fired from the Auror Office for past misdemeanours, and like Kingsley she could now never again attempt to seek employment within the Ministry. Like Flitwick and Sprout she was also fired from Hogwarts and forbidden to ever take on a student or apprentice.

Harry continued through the list; Emmeline Vance, Sturgis Podmore and half a dozen others, Madam Hooch and Professor Burbage, all sentenced in pretty much the same way.

And at the end, as Susan said, were Chris Fugal and Bella Fairgag, also known as Argus Filch and Arabella Figg, each sentenced to twenty years in Azkaban for their part in successful plot by The Brotherhood for Squib Freedom to set off a muggle bomb in the Ministry for Magic in 1967, an act that had cost sixteen people their lives.

At the end there was a small note stating that, although Arthur Weasley had been cleared of all charges, he had taken the decision to resign from his post within the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office.

"That's a shame," commented Harry, who, despite everything, had always rather liked Mr Weasley.

"Auntie told me that he felt he had no other choice," said Susan. "Percy Weasley resigned from his position within the Minister's Office as well."

Harry nodded and flipped through a few more pages before observing "Still no word on Hagrid, I see."

"The Department of International Magical Cooperation is still trying to get permission to send a team from our Ministry to the Ural Mountains," said Hannah.

"It's difficult though," added Susan. "The International Confederation of Wizards likes to create as much red tape as possible."

"I wonder where Hagrid is now…" Harry muttered.



* * *



Albus Dumbledore held his wand high as they made their way through the dense growth of trees. A light emanated from the trip, guiding them through the gloom created by the forest canopy.

"Are you sure this is the right way, Albus?" asked Minerva McGonagall.

"As I have already told you, Minerva," said Dumbledore "I wrote a letter to Hagrid and placed a tracking spell on it before sending it off with an owl. According to the readings from that spell, the owl delivered the letter right around here."

Alastor Moody's magical eyes whirled about manically in its socket as he looked here, there and everywhere for any sign of their quarry until finally he muttered "Albus, shine your light over that way."

Dumbledore aimed his wand in the direction Moody indicated. To the eyes of Dumbledore and McGonagall there was nothing to be seen but tree trunks in the gloom.

"He's there," said Moody with a nod "And… gulpin' garyoles! He's got a blasted giant with him!"

As if to illustrate his point, one of the mighty oak trees was snapped clean in half and fell to the ground with an almighty crash.

Dumbledore raised his wand a little higher, and they found themselves looking at the face of a giant.

"Perfesser Dumbledore, sir!" said a familiar voice suddenly. "Perfesser McGonagall."

Dumbledore turned the beam from his wand onto the person who had spoken, and his eyes confirmed what his ears had heard. They had finally met up with Rubeus Hagrid.

With a twinkle in his eye, Dumbledore approached his old friend. "I see you were successful in your mission, Hagrid."

"Er… not exactly, Headmaster," said Hagrid. "Grawp here is th'only one that I managed ter persuade ter come onter our side."

"Are you sure he's on our side, Hagrid?" asked Moody, eyeing the many bloody wounds that were currently marring Hagrid's face.

"Oh yeah," said Hagrid. "It's just… 'ee don' know 'is own strength, see?"

"And what happened with the other giants?" asked Dumbledore.

"Well we got there, Headmaster. An' we showed 'em the magic like yer asked us ter. An' we nearly had the leader, Karkus, persuaded ter join us. But then Death Eaters turned up. One of 'em was Macnair. 'Ee encouraged another giant, Golgomath, to take over the tribe. Killed Karkus outright, he did. After that there was no talkin' ter the rest of 'em. Didn't want ter risk goin' the same way as Karkus, see?"

"But this one was brave enough to follow you, was he?" asked McGonagall.

"Well, I 'ad ter encourage 'im a bit," said Hagrid. "He's actually one the small side fer a giant. T'others kept pickin' on 'im. An' I couldn't jus' leave 'im. He's my half-brother."

"Well, the news about the giants is indeed unfortunate," said Dumbledore. "But another ally in the battle against the darkness is certainly nothing to be sniffed at. Come, Hagrid. We must return to our safe-house."

"Safe-house, Perfesser?" questioned Hagrid in puzzlement. "What abou' 'Ogwarts?"

"Alas, I am afraid that Hogwarts is currently lost to us, Hagrid. The Ministry has seen fit to take over the running of the school and evict those of us who did not wish to bow to their will."

"No!" exclaimed Hagrid in shock. "But what about the students?"

"Unfortunately this change has the approval of the majority of parents," said McGonagall.

"An' Harry?" asked Hagrid. "I can't see 'im bein' happy about this."

"Ah, Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sadly. "It is my sad duty to inform you that we may well have lost Harry completely. The Ministry arrested him over the summer for a case of underage magic. Despite my attempts to have him released, he was not seen in public until he made his return to Hogwarts. By then he had been brainwashed. Now he is but a puppet of the Ministry. With their encouragement he has publically backed the changes at Hogwarts, earning further approval for the Ministry's actions."

Hagrid had to sit himself down on the broken stump of the tree Grawp had snapped. "No," he muttered. "No, I don't believe it. Harry wouldn't do that."

Dumbledore sighed wearily. "I am afraid it is all too true, Hagrid. There may, of course, come a time when we will be able to make Harry see the error of his ways and come back to the light, but until then I am afraid that he is lost to us."

As Hagrid buried his face in his hands and began to sob, Dumbledore silently gave himself a pat on the back. Not because of the mixture of half-truths and outright lies that he had just spoken to Hagrid, but because neither Minerva nor Alastor had made any effort to correct him. His loyalty spells were back in full effect and, perhaps, better than ever.

"Come, Hagrid," he said in his favourite grandfatherly tone. "We must away."



* * *



"And Mr Black, if you could just sign here…" said the clerk, pointing to a dotted line at the base of the form.

Sirius dipped his eagle feather quill into the pot of ink and applied his signature to the form.

"Right," said the clerk, signing her own name "that's it. Harry Potter's permanent guardians are now officially the Abbott family, with Sirius Black still maintaining Godfather status."

"I still don't get how you got the Dursley's to sign this," said Harry.

Sirius and Sarah exchanged a look as they recalled the events that took place two hours previously:

Vernon Dursley opened his front door to find two people he didn't know standing there. Their dress sense, however, immediately told him that they were some of those freaks!

Before he could slam the door on them, Sirius pushed his way in with Sarah following. Vernon stormed after them as they entered the living room where Petunia Dursley was sitting.

"Vernon, Petunia," began Sirius. "We've never had the opportunity to meet each other before now, though I expect that you may recognise me. I was on your news about two years ago. I believe I was referred to as a being a highly dangerous, escaped convict who had partaken in the mass murder of thirteen people."

Vernon Dursley had turned from a shade of purple to almost pure white, while his wife looked ready to faint.

"Now," continued Sirius. "I wish to speak to you about your nephew. I am his Godfather, though I believe that he already informed you of that fact. This lovely lady here is his Godmother and she and her husband wish to become Harry's permanent guardians."

He took a roll of parchment out of his pocket and continued to speak as he unrolled it "So, just sign here, and you can be rid of your good-for-nothing nephew once and for all."

It was hard to tell whether Vernon was excited about the prospect of never having to deal with his nephew again or just scared about what would happen if he refused to cooperate with this man, but he promptly snatched up the nearest pen that he could find.

Petunia on the other hand was a little more hesitant to add her name to the form when her husband shoved the pen into her hand. However, after only a few moments of indecisiveness she signed too.

"Pleasure doing business with you," said Sirius, rolling up the parchment. "We'll show ourselves out, shall we?"

"Don't worry about it Harry," said Sarah. "The important thing is that they signed it. Now you are a member of a proper family."

Harry felt a mix of pleasant emotions bubble up inside him. He had a proper family, one that actually wanted him around.

"Right, come on," said Sarah, getting to her feet. "You're supposed to still be in St Mungo's. Sirius, Harry is scheduled to be fully released from hospital on Sunday morning. We're going to have a celebratory dinner Sunday evening at Bones Manor if you would like to come."

"I'll be there," replied Sirius with a grin.

He watched Sarah leave with his Godson and the headed out himself. He hadn't gone far when door to his right opened up and a rather harassed looking witch stepped out, carrying a stack of parchment under one arm. As Sirius watched, she marched up the corridor and pushed open a door on the left.

His curiosity piqued, Sirius followed and looked into the room.

"Alright you lot," she said, addressing a group of Hogwarts-aged students. "The Ministry is still trying to locate suitable homes for you but unfortunately we aren't having much luck finding people willing to take you in."

"What about our parents?" asked a rather thickset boy with a shaved head.

"I am afraid that there has been no sign of any of them, Mr Goyle. I again ask that if any of you have any idea where they might have gone, please share it."

None of the group answered. With a resigned sigh the witch turned and left the room.

Throwing caution to the wind, Sirius asked "What's going on here?"

The witch looked at him in surprise before answering in an offhand manner "A few misplaced students. When Hogwarts closed, there were a fair few parents who did not turn up to collect their children and appear to have pulled a vanishing act. We found homes for a few of them but we're having no luck with the rest."

"Really?" asked Sirius. "Who have you got?"

She pulled a sheet of parchment out from the stack under her arm and handed it to him. Sirius looked it over with interest, noting the sixteen names.

Bletchley, Miles

Brody, Nerissa

Bulstrode, Millicent

Carrow, Flora

Carrow, Hestia

Cowley, Fergus

Crabbe, Vincent

Goyle, Gregory

Montague, Graham

Nott, Theodore

Pucey, Adrian

Runcorn, Alana

Stretton, Imogen

Vaisey, Jacob

Warrington, Cassius

Whitehead, Phylis

"So all their parents have disappeared?" he asked for clarification.

"Without a trace, it seems."

Sirius thought for a moment before saying "You know, I believe I can be of help here…"



* * *



With an unpleasant smile upon his face, Lord Voldemort set aside the letter and turned to address the three people standing obediently beside his black throne.

"We have received some most excellent news, my friends." he said. "It seems that Macnair has been successful in his quest. The Gurg of the Giant Colony in the Ural Mountains has sworn allegiance to us and will assist us in our cause."

All three Death Eaters made the appropriate vocalisations of appreciation at this news.

"Wormtail," continued Voldemort, addressing the shortest and fattest of the three. "See to it that a message is sent to Macnair, informing him of our change of circumstances. Then tell him to head to Transylvania. I believe that there is a vampire enclave there that will join our side as well."

With a nervous nod, Wormtail turned and hurried out of the room, almost tripping over the snake, Nagini, as he went.

Voldemort turned his eyes to the tallest of the men. "How go the negotiations with your relatives, Lucius?"

"My Lord, I am pleased to report that my second cousin, Domitius Malfoy, has agreed to work with us. He is using his position within the French Ministry to delay the British Ministry's attempts to locate our current whereabouts. The French Minister, Christophe Guichard is little more than a puppet to him and as long as things remain that way then France will continue to use its position within the International Confederation of Wizards to stall out any attempts by the British to search for us beyond their own boarders."

"Are there any threats to his position?" prompted Voldemort.

"Just one, my Lord. Claude Delacour has much support within the French Ministry, as well as with the public. He is not as easily swayed as Minister Guichard and could be well placed to successfully call a vote of no confidence and win an election."

"Then we must be cautious," said Voldemort. "While I would normally wish to eliminate such a man as quickly as possible, we are not yet ready to make ourselves known to the world. To remove him would cause panic and risk our exposure. To leave him presents a threat to our hold on the French Ministry. Inform Domitius that he must be careful. While I would prefer him to continue to use his influence to stall the British Ministry's attempts to locate us, he must not do so to such an extent that Guichard is removed from office."

Lucius nodded and left the room.

Turning to the last figure, Voldemort asked "And what report do you bring, Nott?"

"We found him, my Lord," replied Nott.

"Very well. Have him brought in."

Nott left the room and returned a few minutes later, followed by Crabbe and Goyle who were dragging a beaten man between them. The two large Death Eaters threw the man to the ground at Voldemort's feet and stepped back, along with Nott.

Voldemort looked down at the man who was shaking in the floor. "Why do you cower, Igor? Is that any way to greet your master after thirteen years?"

"M-m-my L-lord…" stammered Igor Karkaroff. "I… I…"

"Could it be that you fear me, Igor? Does my return fill you with terror?"

Karkaroff looked up at him fearfully.

"But why would you fear me, Igor? Did you not enter my service willingly? Did you not maim, torture and kill dozens in my service? Surely you should rejoice. My return marks the beginning of a new era, an era that you once so valiantly fought to bring about."

"Or perhaps you are changed. Perhaps you no longer wish to see the purebloods take their rightful place as the unchallenged leaders of the Wizarding World. Perhaps you no longer wish to see Wizardkind put the filthy Muggles in their place."

"My… my Lord… I do, my Lord. I wish to see the scum of this world learn its rightful place –"

"And yet you betrayed me!" shouted Voldemort. "You betrayed me and you betrayed your comrades. You willingly gave up the names of your fellow Death Eaters in order to save your own skin from the icy grip of the Dementors of Azkaban. You condemned many others so that you could go free."

"My… my Lord, I…. I…"

"Then you failed to return to the fold when I summoned you. You fled Igor. You fled from me."

"No!" protested Karkaroff. "I did not flee from you, my Lord. I fled from the others. From those who would wish me harm because they could not see the genius behind my actions."

Voldemort glared down at the man for a few moments before leaning back in his seat. "Very well, Igor. Enlighten me to the genius behind your actions."

Still terrified by the man before him, but emboldened by the chance to be heard, Igor began.

"In Azkaban, I was useless to you and to our cause, my Lord. I felt sure that you would one day return to power, but what use would I be if I spent years rotting inside Azkaban? People go mad in there, my Lord. I saw them. I could hear them screaming. Many of them are insane. I knew that if I stayed there too long then I too would become little more than a screaming mound of skin and bone.

"So I hatched a plan. I managed to secure a deal with Bartemius Crouch of the Ministry of Magic to secure my release in exchange for information. I intended only to give the names of less important Death Eaters, such as Travers, Rosier and Mulciber, but that information turned out to be useless to the Ministry as Travers and Mulciber had already been caught and Rosier was dead. In the end I had to reveal the name of Rookwood in order to secure my freedom, but it worked.

"Your freedom came at the cost of a valuable spy," observed Voldemort. "Rookwood's position within the Department of Mysteries made him indispensable."

"It was unfortunate," said Karkaroff. "But as more and more names were rejected, I could feel my plans slipping away from me. I turned in Rookwood as a last resort, my Lord. I had to do it in order to ensure that I was well placed for your return."

Voldemort regarded him hatefully, knowing that the man was not being entirely truthful. "And how does your being out of Azkaban benefit me more that Rookwood being free?"

"My position. After leaving Britain I secured employment at the Durmstrang institute, where I myself had been educated. I believe that you know Durmstrang's reputation?"

At Voldemort's nod, he continued "Within five years I had secured for myself the spot of Deputy Headmaster and two years after that I was appointed Headmaster. In my employment I have seen many students pass through Durmstrang's halls, many of whom show the right mind set to join our cause."

"Indeed?" asked Voldemort. "And how many of those are likely to join us?"

"Not all of them. But I estimate that I could encourage perhaps two hundred former students to come to your side. Many of them remember be favourably for improving the teaching of the Dark Arts. And once we persuade those, they can be used to persuade others…"

Karkaroff trailed off, letting the implications of his words hang in the air. Voldemort stared at him, judging him, before pulling out his wand and casting.

"Crucio!"

Karkaroff screamed and writhed in agony under the effects of the spell. Voldemort subjected the man to two minutes of torture before lifting the curse.

"You lie to me, Igor. Your actions in turning in your fellow Death Eaters were to save your own skin and nothing more. However, it is true that you managed to achieve a position of respect at Durmstrang. You will go and recruit as many of your former students as you are able, but you must be careful to not alert any Ministry as to your actions."

Relief washing through his system, Karkaroff got to his feet, nodding his head emphatically. "I will my Lord. You are merciful. Thank you."

"You will take Nott, Crabbe and Goyle with you." added Voldemort. "I expect you to obtain the services of at least fifty new recruits within a month."

"Yes, my Lord. Thank you."



* * *



It was a subdued Weasley family that sat around the dinner table at The Burrow. This was the first time in over a year that all nine members of the family had sat together like this, but no one said anything as Molly served sausages, mashed potatoes and runner beans to everyone.

Finally it was Charlie who broke the silence "So, Dad, Bill, Percy, any of you got any leads on potential employment prospects?"

"I checked The Daily Prophet this afternoon," said Percy. "Flourish and Blotts is looking for a store assistant. I might go for that until something better comes along."

"I'm afraid that at my age, I may have to settle for whatever I can get," commented Arthur.

The words had barely left his mouth when the fireplace burst with a roar into green flames and two men stepped out; Amos Diggory and Alain Fawcett.

"Oh, good evening both of you," said Molly. "What brings you here?"

"Actually we wanted to have a chat with Arthur, if that's alright Molly?" said Amos.

"We've had a bit of a business idea," added Alain.

/\/\/\/\/\

As the sun finally dipped below the horizon outside, Harry Potter sat in his bed in St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, going through the box of assorted Potter Family Paraphernalia that had been found in Dumbledore's office at Hogwarts School.

Visiting hours were officially over and as he only required bed rest he wasn't expecting to see another healer that day, apart from someone sticking their head through the door every hour to make sure he was alright.

There were a number of journals within the box, each of which appeared to be blank until Harry pointed his wand at them and incanted "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."

Contained within the journals were all sorts of notes made by each of his parents, though there were many more written by his mother. For every one journal kept by his father there were three by his mother.

Three of those written by his father contained notes on how James, Sirius and Peter Pettigrew had gone about becoming animagi, and even had additional notes from Sirius on the subject. Two others were dedicated to the creation of the Marauders' Map, seven contained Quidditch strategies devised during his father's days as captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch Team and three were for spell work.

His mother's journals on the other hand contained far more detailed notes on everything from potions, to charms, to hexes to rituals. Harry wondered if any of it had anything to do with the reason for his survival the night his parents were murdered.

He also wondered whether Dumbledore had ever figured out how to access any of the notes contained within, though given how Dumbledore had written to Sirius in order to ask how to activate the Marauders' Map, Harry guessed that the man had never found out what the journal's contained.

Beneath the numerous journals as a small brown box which had the Potter family crest engraved into the lid. Harry picked it up and examined it closely. To his surprise it opened easily.

Contained within was an even bigger surprise; a small, red stone that was all too familiar to Harry.

"No way…" he said in a low voice, hardly believing his eyes.



* * *



A/N: Later than advertised, but here it is: Denouement Part 2. I hope you enjoyed it.

For those of you wondering, no, this story is not going to go the Harry/Hermione route, Sirius just questioned their relationship, much like Cho, Skeeter, Dumbledore and Krum do within the canon of the books. I do have a storyline planned for Hermione though, so those of you hoping she would just go away are out of luck. Personally, I rather like Hermione, and I'm hoping to allow her to grow and develop better than she did in canon, but she will probably remain a secondary character as opposed to a main one.

Similarly, the Weasley's aren't going away either. This chapter already contains the beginnings of what will be happening with them in the future, though again their story will not be taking centre stage.

In other news, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child has been released in book form. I don't want to spoil anything, but I will say that I wish time turners were real so I could go back and stop myself from reading it, though the story has set a few ideas a-bubbling in my brain which may one day make an appearance as something for you to read.

Anyway, last chapter I mentioned that I might break this story up into separate books. This got a mixed reaction, so I will put a poll in my profile in order to determine whether or not to break it but or continue it as one long story.

Thanks for reading, and thanks for taking the time to vote (those of you who do!)





