Hogwarts Tales: The Tournament of Champions





		Story: Hogwarts Tales: The Tournament of Champions

		Storylink: https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12614559/1/

		Category: Harry Potter

		Genre: Mystery/Adventure

		Author: IronManRidingaNimbus

		Authorlink: https://www.fanfiction.net/u/5337204/

		Last updated: 08/14/2017

		Words: 900

		Rating: K+

		Status: In Progress

		Content: Chapter 1 to 1 of 1 chapters

		Source: FanFiction.net



		Summary: HARRY POTTER HAS VANISHED. In what appears to be the latest in a string of attacks by a group known as the WIZARDS UNITED LIBERATION FRONT, the boy wizard's disappearance marks the start of troubled times for the Wizarding World...





*Chapter 1*: Hogwarts Tales: The Tournament of Champions


			Hogwarts Tales

The Tournament of Champions



* * *



HARRY POTTER HAS VANISHED. In what appears to be the latest in a string of attacks by a group known as the WIZARDS UNITED LIBERATION FRONT, the boy wizard's disappearance marks the start of troubled times for the Wizarding World. With the Ministry of Magic too busy dealing with persistent attacks to go searching for him, Ginny Weasley all but abandons her career to search for her lost love, leading to an unlikely alliance with a former enemy.

Meanwhile, Gabrielle Delacour, a transfer student from France, looks forward to her first year as a Hogwarts student. But things quickly take a turn for the worse, as Gabrielle and her friends are told to prepare for an incredibly dangerous tournament. As the competition begins to heat up, a masked figure appears from the sky, attacking Hogwarts Students on a regular basis. Can the new DA figure out the identity of this mysterious attacker before it's too late? Or will the students be too busy fighting amongst themselves?



* * *



Prologue

Quintius Breckenridge stood in solitude amongst the whirring and clicking sounds of the planetarium, deep within the Department of Mysteries. It had been a lonely place to call home throughout his career with the Ministry of Magic; working in total silence, with no real contact from the outside world. At one point, Quintius had been researching the planetary rings around Saturn, and after a minor mistake whilst casting a very complex spell, had gone missing for 12 years before finally resurfacing inside a mail bag in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. It had been a difficult error to explain. Still, as he stood waiting for the once in a lifetime moment where the planets would converge, he let out a sad sigh, knowing that when his new life began, he would miss his small office in the Department of Mysteries, and he'd miss the planetarium, the solar system whirring around on its silver rings, the stars stretching out across the room, surrounding him in every direction. As the planets finally converged, a cold wind blew through the planetarium. A sharp crack echoed across the room, and soft footsteps padded their way towards him.

"Master," Quintius breathed, turning to bow before the man who had just apparated from the outer reaches of space.

"I have little time to waste Quintius, I trust you understand," Quintius gave a slow nod as he lifted his gaze to the man with whom he would swap places with amongst the stars. He was everything that Quintius had hoped he would be. Regal, and elegant, with an aura of ancient wisdom and power that radiated out into the stars of the planetarium. "You have successfully secured the position of Headmaster?" He asked. His voice was soft, almost like a whisper, but it held so much authority that Quintius was almost afraid to speak.

"Yes sir," he replied meekly.

"And the Ministry has permitted the use of the Goblet of Fire?" Quintius gave the same response. The man stood before him seemed to relax for a moment, gazing across the stars of the planetarium, as if in deep thought. "Good, very good," he continued, "Soon we shall see who will be deemed worthy to represent my school, in this, Tournament of Champions. Now Quintius, we both must depart this place. You have a whole new world to discover, and I must hurry if I am to save the Potter boy." Quintius's hands shook as he reached out to began the ritual that would allow the two wizards to swap places in the cosmos. In just a few short moments, his life here would be over. "Do not be afraid Quintius, to swap your life for mine will be a most excellent adventure." With that, the ancient wizard took Quintius's hands and began chanting an old spell, in a language that was from centuries ago. Quintius felt a tug on his mind, and before he could understand what was happening, he felt a strange, cold feeling, as if the very life was being drained from him. The world turned to black, and he felt as though he was being squeezed through a small tube. When Quintius opened his eyes to see again, he gasped aloud as he came to the realisation that his body no longer belonged to him. He gazed back into his own eyes, and could not recognise himself. The wizard who had taken his place bowed, and disapparated with a crack. It was then that he came to the realisation that his new life had just begun; Quintius Breckenridge was no more.



* * *



Author's notes

Hello reader,



Thanks for your interest in Hogwarts Tales: The Tournament of Champions! This story is the sequel to my previous, but much older story; After the Battle of Hogwarts, which I would like to recommend you flick through before reading this story, but if you're not too fussed, the Tournament of Champions will still be readable as a stand-alone book!



I hope you all enjoy the story, and if you would be so kind, please leave a review telling me your thoughts on some of the chapters, or follow/favourite the story. Occasionally, I might ask a question or two in my Authors Notes, and I'd love it if you answered them for me!

Thanks again,

IronManRidingaNimbus.





